LT achievement ideas
	- not all will be implemented
	- will be added later on
	- some achievements unlock related scenes (a single !small! scene in the achievement page, not in-game scenes)

Lilaya & family:
	Like mother, like daughters: Transform Lilaya and Meraxis into full demons. (Lilaya and Meraxis shopping.)
	Imp-breeder: Get Lilaya to give birth to 100+ imps. (Lilaya angry in lab.)
	A happy family: Get Lyssieth, Lilaya, and Meraxis pregnant at the same time. (Meeting at Lyssieth's palace where they discover they're all pregnant.)
	Harder, daddy!: Get dominantly fucked by Desryth. (Desryth fucking an unrecognised daughter.)
	The underwhelming siren: Defeat Meraxis in the first turn of combat. (Meraxis training to become stronger - explosion!)
	She's got thorns: Get dominated by Rose. (Rose catches a thief and punishes them.)
Shopping arcade:
	Worth it: Get impregnated while earning a big discount from Ralph. (Ralph fucking a customer.)
Meraxis fortress:
	Doom: Defeat all of the imp waves in Meraxis's fortress. (Doom)
	Takahashi's pet: Get transformed by Takahashi. (Takahashi making out with fox-girl)
Dominion:
	Not so deserted after all: Have an NPC spawned on every alleyway tile in Dominion. (-)
	First class filly: Have sex with 100 centaurs while wearing a filly choker. (Filly gangbang)
	A taste of her own medicine: Receive a rimjob from Natalya and fuck her ass in the same sex scene. (Natalya secretly repeating it with a slave)
Submission:
	Slimy soak: Get transformed into a slime by the slime queen. (Slime queen getting fucked by Max)
	Imp's toy: Get fucked by 4 imps at once. (Imp gangbang)
Elis:
	Squeaky clean: Give Nizhoni a wash. (Nizhoni taking a shower)
Bad end:
	Cock-sleeve: Become Lunexis's cock-sleeve. (Lunexis cock-sleeve collection)
	Murk's milker: Get broken in by Murk. (Murk breaking in a new milker)
	Cash cow: Get sold by Evelyx. (Evelyx fucked by Princess)
Pregnancy:
	Brood mother: Give birth to over 1000 offspring. 
	Womb of holding: Be pregnant with at least 32 offspring at once.
	Egg'd: Have eggs in your breasts, ass, womb, and stomach at the same time.
	I was conceived *how*?!: Get pregnant from the pregnancy roulette game. (Angry daughter ends up doing it as well)
	I don't have time for this: Give birth less than an hour after getting impregnated.
Slaves:
	Empire of chains: Own at least 50 slaves. (Lilaya asking Rose if she thinks that there are too many slaves in the mansion)
	Property no more: Free 100 slaves.
Sex:
	Crash course: Lose your vaginal, anal, and oral virginity in one sex scene.
	Fill 'er up: Cum in your partner's mouth, pussy, ass, and tits in one sex scene.
	Penta-pen: Be penetrated by five appendages at once.
	Cum collector: Obtain at least 10 filled condoms from a single sex scene.
Misc.:
	Duty calls: Service every glory hole in the game.
	Graduation: Complete the encyclopaedia.
	Hero to whore: Surrender to a random NPC and get pimped out by them.
	Instant loss: Lose in combat and get mating-pressed by an enemy who's less than a quarter of your level.
	Inked: Have a tattoo in every slot.