
	Release checklist:
		Patch notes in Main
		Update README
		Create .exe version
	
	!!! 32 bit exe !!!
	
	
	Goals:
	
	- Add in a mod template for items, clothing, weapons, and sex actions.
	
	- Improve the slavery UI, and add more jobs & interactions (winner of Patreon content poll).
	
	- Adding in the next stage of the main quest (earning an audience with Lyssieth).
	
	- Fix bugs and sort out github issues and PRs.
	
	- Start adding in Nightlife stuff
	
	- Finish guide for user submitted content

	
	
	Patch notes:
	
	Gameplay:
		Finished adding effects for all 8 of the Arcane spells.
		Random attackers now spawn with random items in their inventory.
	
	Clothing:
		<b>Added:</b> Hoop earrings (feminine, ear-piercing slot). Candi and Brandi now wear hoop earrings.
	
	Other:
		Added support for recolouring sclera (the white part of the eye).
		Added lots of tongue colours and patterns.
		Added 'Reset spells' to debug options.
		Renamed 'Seduction' damage/resistance to 'Lust' damage/resistance.
		Offensive spells can now only be cast on enemies.
	
	Bugs:
		Fixed inventory scaling bug that was present in Java 10 and more recent versions of Java 8.
		Fixed potion name generation.
		Fixed numerous minor bugs related to elementals (incorrect status effects, summoning costs, descriptions).
		Fixed some items of clothing (such as the overbust corset) concealing their own inventory slot.
		Fixed clients in Angel's Kiss not being attracted to you.
		Fixed bug where safety goggles would get equipped onto you during the prologue.
		Fixed bug where female characters could start the game having already lost their penile virginity.
		Fixed humans being referred to such things as 'a masculine man male', or 'a feminine woman female'.
		Fixed being able to upgrade spells even if upgrade points were 0.
		Fixed incorrect NPC eye colour transformation descriptions.
		Fixed elementals in your party being available at the stocks.
		
	
	Get all spell stuff done by 00:00
	LILAYA PANTIES AAAAAAAAAAA
		Masturbation support
		Add eavesdrop to Lilaya/Rose lab intro
			- Rose domming Lilaya
		Lilaya room
			- Search
				Find panties
					- Masturbate
					- Take panties
					
	Then slavery stuff
		- Permission & outfit templates
		- Head girl/boy
		- Bed slaves
		- Milking work (change it so milk & cum is stored in vats, which can be sold/drunk)
	
	
	
	fix pointer on disabled spell icons
	
	spell upgrade point costs
		
	School bonuses!
	Teleport map teleport ability
		
	lilaya spell intro
	
	1 - A library or book shelf to hold all the books.
	2 - The ability to have the slaves automatically learn spells from the library or book shelf.

	crystals spells
	
	spell books descriptions
		
	the leg lover and strutter fetishes say that they unlock those corresponding teases but when in battle those teases just arent there
	
	-In the furry preferences, if you click on "disable" all furries, it also disables imps and slimes. 
The workaround for this is to click on "minimum", and then manually disable the furry options you don't want.

-Why do slimes wear clothing?

-I talked about the player character barely getting an orgasm, even if he has certain fetishes and is a virgin. 
The update for the unwilling fuck-toy fetish works when trying to resist sex. But for every other combination, you still barely get any arousal at all. Which for me makes the game less fun.
		
	I believe the random NPCs you strip naked won't find new clothes because of that.
	
	Just ran into a rather huge bug during sex. I had two slaves in the room with me, and decided to do "side by side" sex. I was messing with the positioning, and things started to go very wrong
	
	if you recolour the jewellery that gets placed on your body and then press back on the inventory screen 
then press to the inventory screen again
the jewellery for the pierced slots get their original colour again
	
		
	body descriptions for elementals
	expanded summoning descriptions
	elemental .txt descriptions
		elementals are a physical manifestation of a person's aura
	
	you can equip items and a penis or vagina slot even if you do not have the anatomy
	
	telling an Incubus to get rid of his dick and grow a vagina instead causes the following succubus to actually not have a vagina at all and instead become a shemale
	
	tooltip for weapon type (ranged or not)
	
	Anyone else having issues with the milking room causing income issues?
	 I've got Scarlett pumped up to holding over 1000ml and producing 51ml/minute, but over the course of the day she barely seems to get milked at all.
	  She stands in the Milking Room, but the logfile only shows random small amounts of milk being extracted-- 250ml here and there, and sometimes as little as 10ml.
	   But even then, none of that seems to go towards the room's income statement; even with the log saying milk is being sold,
	    the job insists that it's making 0 flames/day and charges the full upkeep of the room from any existing balance or applies it as debt.
	     I can't help but wonder if it's related to the milking room saying it has a capacity of 0/0 people, despite the description saying it can hold up to 8. 
	     If the capacity is 0 (even if set that way to keep it from being a place to store slaves), perhaps it thinks that no one can actually work in the room?
		
	Weapons unique spells
	Add arcane sword, spear, baton, riot shield, dagger. Add melee detection. Add hand-held crossbow, throwing spears (physical handle, arcane shaft).
	
	
	NPCs take their own virginity with tails...
	
	special attacks not NPC-on-NPC
	
	I'm planning on adding a special orgasm denial action, which I'll then allow NPCs with the denial fetish to use (I might split up the fetish into 'being denied' and 'denying others' variants).
	
	
- I will be adding a way to assign slaves to sleep with you in your room very soon. :3
- Contraceptives (Promiscuity Pill) should be able to fail at the moment, if the other person's virility is high enough (I will check this to make sure it's working).
 I will be adding a chance for condoms to break soon as well. (I'll add a much more expensive, stronger condom type alongside this that is immune to breaking.)
	
	Brax weapon - has 0 arcane but can use arcane
		Brax weapon & descriptions
	Rewrite intro so Lilaya teaches you fireball and gives you a scroll. Demonstone as well
	
	bat-morphs can wear arm clothing
	
	huge slave income?
	
	- Sort of a bug. It's been mentioned a lot already, but it'd be nice if the dick concealment selfie text matched up with the in-sex reveal dialogue. If it's sheathed and under 16", the selfie says people assume you're a female, but if it's over 8" people aren't surprised when you reveal it.

	- Not sure if this is a bug exactly, but in older versions my character said something along the lines of, "By the way, you're definitely the one who impregnated me," to Lilaya during the first pregnancy with her and Lilaya laughs it off and replies with something like, "Well, you're the one who told me to cum inside," but that interaction has been missing for a few versions now. That's a shame because I really like it. Although it might not work as well now that she hates fathering children.
	
	- Dominant partners sometimes get stuck in an endless loop of starting and stopping sexual action when I choose to do nothing (i.e., starts fingering, stops fingering over and over again).
	
	I transformed Eye Color (am a Demon) but in Slefie Overview it still states my original Eye Color.
	
	game loads slow - check if setActiveWorld is slow too
	It's because of the autosave
	prologue autosaves in middle of talk
	
	
	the Milking room says that it can fit up to 8 slaves, while the maximum number of Dairy Cows seems to be static at 5.
	
	 did they somehow paste the requirements for nipple pinching onto breast groping and forgot about it?
	 all groping actions
	
	when i press on my slaves it shows the information of the previous inspected slave instead of the one i'm trying to inspect
	
	upkeep is not reset upon loading a save or starting a new game
	
	in the silly rose hand-holding scene, it wont let me remove my bandanna to do mouth things because "You cant remove rose's clothing in this scene"
	
	- If you import a slave met in the Stocks and buy them in an auction, it triggers.
- Essentially rather than just slaves you've had sex that could lead to impregnation, ALL slaves met at the stocks that the player character had sex with, or maybe all in general, will develop 'phantom pregnancy' when gaining a chance of impregnation.
- The character's pregnancy status in the stats will be set for 'Read for birthing' upon any load but no actual pregnancy will be in place.
- All pregnancies will disappear if not solved within a single game load.
	
	Perhaps Bree's personality should change when she gets TFed?
	
	slaves in companion mode don't reset their talk options when following the player once the day passes, so if you small talked with them a week ago and kept them in the party for that week, the option would still be locked
	
	appears tease pussy still has orgasm denier tied to it
	
	 If I Inspect one of my slaves, they'll lose affection for me, even if they have a fetish for being humiliated. Is this intended or
	
	is the bug where when you look at one npc and their info and inventory comes up until you directly look at a different npcs inventory or info manually (rather than just talking to them and expecting it to come up) known about
		Both the inventory and the stats/fetishes overview are old until you specifically manage the new character's inventory
	
	Perhaps after doing Nyan's quest it might be nice if we could go to the warehouse and make orders of clothing, like if you want 10 black maid outfits you could pay a little extra and get them after a day
	
	Maybe you should tweak a bit the affection/obediance gain from putting slaves as milk cows when they have the lactation fetish, they have the obedience device installed, but it still a lot
	
	- Add Submission content. (Special encounters for Imps and Slimes. Add slime TF quest. Adding content for the Imp fortresses, Gambling Den, and Bat caverns.)
	
	when having the cum stud fetish if no request always cum inside, if request to pullout and is free willed, ~50% chance of either one, and in incriments of somewhere around ten when the slave becomes more agreeable
	
	When giving Ralph some head, it seems that the mouth status is displayed backwards. ("Ralph is sucking your dick!" rather than you're sucking his
	
	tube top
	
	Brax affection changes
	
	Add prostitution in alleyways (if no license, enforcers can show up)
	
	dirty talk action duplicated for Kate
	
	Check Lilaya Geisha scene.
	
	Is breast groping supposed to be blocked until the nipples are exposed? That makes no sense and I think it was different before. Where's my groping over clothing
	
	I'm so disappointed that transforming into a wolf-slime-thing doesn't let you access the relevant option with Brax. I mean, alright, it's not the same, but…
		Also on the note of slimes, how the fuck they manage to fly with goo-wings is beyond me. I didn't expect that transformation to unlock the option.
	
	change the "New Game (Import)" to give you the option of starting before or after the prologue.
	
Trait Suggestion: Arcane Rider - Double Arcane gains during arcane storm, but lose most of the protection from arcane storm (aka automatically lose combat if lust is at 100 and have high minimum lust while outside during the storm).
Enchantment Suggestion: Emotion Mask - Enchanted clothing piece changes the personality trait based on the enchantment. Will work best with some sort of mask when worn to 'assume' a different identity, like a neurotic introverted character could put on that enchanted mask to become an extroverted non-neurotic
	
	Danger accumulation, I like the normal difficulty because scaling is bethesda-teir trash difficulty for idiots. My idea is that, fighting a lot in one place as well as other actions such as rape, dismissing npcs and taking slaves should slowly ramp up the 'danger' in that area, a hidden variable that would imply the combat strength of the npcs generated there, possibly with new encounter options appearing as you increase / decrease it. The player should also be able to take actions to decrease it, for example helping the enforcers or investing big-time dosh in the community. Thus, one of the unspoken advantages of releasing rehabilitated slaves into the world would be decreasing its danger level
	
	------------------------------
	AI:
	
	NPCs using themselves before doing any action to PC
	
	I had this strange event where a cat-girl rubbed herself to orgasm by repeatedly inserting and removing her tail from her vag
	I think something is bugged with female NPCs and giving oral to them when they are the dominant ones during sex scenes. If the NPC only has a vagina, and she either forces you to give her oral or the player does it himself, she'll very very rarely allow it for more than one turn before forcibly pulling the player away. Her fetishes don't seem to matter.
		if i suck their clit they will then remove my tongue only to then put it back in
	for some reason, as a masculine male, no matter what I do, and no matter the preferences/choices/requests used, masculine males/incubus npcs refuse to f*** the player anally, instead preferring to finger themselves or have the player f*** them.
	I'll also improve the AI to only go for thigh sex if they have a fetish for it.
	As with the last few releases, submissive sex still appears completely broken. Each NPC appears to have one set of actions that they default to, no matter what.
	
	
	Unfortunately my favorite scene in the game is still a little broken. Almost there though! Wolfgang is currently kneeling behind me but getting head and karl is kneeling in front and using my ass.
	
	Despite feeling Stephanie's hot cum deep in your womb, you feel that you aren't going to get pregnant from this.
	Despite feeling Reba's hot cum deep in your womb, you feel that you aren't going to get pregnant from this.
	Found something else; when request cum while when fucking two slaves, one of them is in my char's mouth and the other is their cuny... one of them is not even close to cuming, but it gave both message anyway.
	
	------------------------------
	
	Foot fetish
	
	Small bug, but Moo Milkers don't seem to check for how much milk the target has left. They'll fill up as long as the target is lactating, and if you have a stack of milkers and use "Milk all". they'll all fill up.
		
	- If a character has submissive fetish right now, they prefer the 'gentle' pace when dominating.
	- But the hate of inflicting pain actually blocks this and defaults them back to 'normal'.
		
	I have the strutter fetish and can't use the strutter tease
		
	a 'BirthType' enum
		mammalian, egglayer and separation
		
	Getting an NPC to smell a rose says you smell it
	
	"Sorry that I didn't stick around..." when PC is father
	
	after defeating the three Matriarchs Harpys, and "looking for trouble" for a very long time,  i can only find itens
	
	when clicking inspect, doens't show right slave
	
	i was trying to breed two of my slaves and one of them took off my chest sarashi, afterwards i find the thing lying on the ground in that room and still on my body
	
	fetish XP not working! I'll go through and make sure all of the fetishes have correct experience gains for the next release
	
	seeder V and breeding fetish enabled but pregnancy only resulted in 1 offspring
	
	birth was wolf-slime, but in the offspring list, it's showing as imp-slime
	
	 hover over a close quest title it opens but the symbol still says it's closed
	 
	  I got more then one slave my first slave is in Room F-08 but when I go in and click my slave my second slave who is in Room F-06 appears there
	
	penis patterns/ secondary dick colors are currently disabled
	
	Demon names
	
	when out during an arcane storm then defeated by some naughty and very lewd people the TF/fetish potions aren't being forced on the player
	
	add orange to the covering colors
	
	the transform menu for demons doesn't say anything about which tail  is which
	
	add arcaen/physical to clothing enchants.
	
	I've just been messing with the game recently and found some interesting stuff. Nothing like glitches, but just some things I was curious about. For example, I was messing with Brax, Bree, and Brandi interactions. The situation can go by punishing Brax into Bree from the dialogue, then Bree into Brandi. I was messing with the fetish tf potions, and found that you can change Brandi back into to Bree by erasing the bimbo fetish. You can also impregnate her, but she has no reaction to it. You can change her back from Bree into Brax too by taking away femininity. Of course, the only way to tell this has happened is by the clothes being distinct from Brax, Bree, and Brandi. This is because the dialogue prompts do not change. Anyway, it was just something I was messing with and thinking more about as I've been testing the force tf fetish, and just overall using items in sex which I find kind of confusing on when people will or will not accept potions or items.
	
	the dominant version of Lilaya's geisha scene is broken. She always starts with 0 arousal in Resisting pace, and ends the scene at the first turn, saying "Eugh... I'm not really feeling this right now, ok?" Nothing I've done has been able to avoid this. The submissive version of the scene works fine.
	
	add a chance for NPCs to orgasm multiple times in sex
	
	 get demon horn to become lesser succubus/incubus. go to transform. get rid of horn. and change the possible part to angel
	
	Map text wrapping
		upstaris zaranix
	
	Here's something you probably didn't expect: bug report from the Halloween content!
	
	Whenever I request one of the crazy witch cultists "give me her gift elsewhere", there's a chance she'll stick it somewhere totally different from where I requested. For example: I ask her to give it to me up my ass, and she excitedly pushes me against the altar. She then exposes me, gives me anallingus, and then sometimes she'll promptly fuck me in my vagina.
	
	Afterwards, when she impatiently tosses me out, I still get the message that I have the feeling of cum leaking out of my asshole. I'll get THIS message even if she pulled out, and even if she fucked my pussy.
	
	When you tease your own pussy with your partner's tail, you get the message
	
	{Partner}'s girlcum quickly lubricates your tail.
	
	When you first get pregnant, and turn to Lilaya regarding the issue, she tells you to return when you're ready to give birth. I feel during your first time, she should assure you a little more in order to calm you down, whether you're ready or not.
	
	When you get tail-pegged, the buttons that appear are "Tail-pegged" and "Eagerly tail-fucked". Should the second button say "Eagerly tail-pegged"?
	
	If I'm a human, and I'm found walking the streets between the hours of ten at night and five in the morning, will I really be subject to a full body search from any passing Enforcer without warrant? Or is that just a thing to show how poorly humans are treated, and not really implemented?
	
	I'd love to be able to give a rose to Lilaya for a hug and a sweet little kiss~
	
	When I re-visited Zaranix's place, Amber acted as though I broke in, pummeled and raped her and the other maids, and rudely demanded Arthur from Zaranix... even though I knocked on the door and begged her to let me in, calmly explained my ordeal with Zaranix, thanked her for letting me see him, got roughly fucked for not thanking HIM, all the while enduring constantly being degraded by her until she finally walked me out. She even gave me an affectionate spank before closing the door!
	
	I'd like to have Kelly and Katherine like me more, as well as Zaranix, if he doesn't already. I haven't been able to get him alone to find out...
	
	It seems Zaranix is both in his lounge and his lab at the same time. You may want to look into that...
	
	We need collars that are studded with spikes. You know, the kinds you'd expect to find on a vicious bull-dog.
	
	Sometimes, when giving birth, my character "dreams of" a morph of one gender interacting with her, when she only gave birth to the other gender. For example, she'll imagine seeing a wolf-boy, but she gave birth to a single wolf-girl.
	
	
	PC and Amber double-team maid
	
	
	strap-ons, dildos, anal beads or other toys
	
	Fix the BodyCoveringType mess
	
	inverted nipples
	
	milking room for PC
	
	for some reason you can not seem to hypnotise some slaves it says you try to give the watch to them and they do not take it.
	
	save artwork preference for each NPC
	
	chastity belt removal from under underwear
	
	add an option to ask alleyway encounter NPCs for their name
	
	The promiscuity pill is intentionally not a complete impossibility of pregnancy, but I will increase the infertile/barren traits' reductions to -500 to make them always work. ^^
	
	Add angel offspring to dominion for now
	
	option to disable nipple penetrations does not work: it still happens even when disabled
	
	slimes ever get a "Grow Dick" option during sex like demons
	
	I lost all of the race book info and if i try using a book it says it's already used
		i notice that you can't read the book that you get from previous version. so you can only read the book in the library from the previous version.
	
	Amber door scene no corr req.
	
	Check stats stuck on screen post-Rose scene
	
	I'll add a scene where you can dominate Vicky at some point for sure, and I'll also add in a more detailed virginity-tracking system too!
	
	Zebra morphs
	
	Revamp forced TF scenes:
	1) NPCs with the Kink Advocate Fetish speak as though they are going to transform your body. I'm guessing this is just piggybacking off the Transformer Fetish, but different dialogue would make more sense.
	2) Random Demon encounters in dark alleyways, where they happen to have the Transformer Fetish, they do not try to transform you. They should presumably still do this when they win (and perhaps if you Kneel rather than fight too?).
	
	I've noticed that when I have PC transformation set to "Minimum Furry", the PC will never have genitals added. I think better behavior would be to allow genital addition/alteration as normal, but set to Human type.
	
	
	deial - if partner ends with frustrated, quadruple arcane essences. If you end frustrated, same.
	
	If I have sex with my slave inside Angel's Kiss, sometimes it says that I am having sex with another person. E.g.: I had sex with XX, my slave, but sometimes it said that I had sex with XY. In my case, it was often the last person I had sex with before having sex in AK.
	
	Tattoos
	
	When you are the one who initiated you can go forever but them dumping you after 1 orgasm regardless of if they actually got creamed (even with all impreg relevant perks) is just sad.
	
	A great QoL change, if you have the time to spare for it, would be some sort system to create a uniform for your slaves, which would let you purchase the clothes in bulk from Nyan & enchant them en masse (assuming you had the essences for it). I like keeping my pets in uniform, but it takes me a while to do each one.
It'd be even better if this could be extended to potions as well, allowing us to save a potion preset to brew later.
	
	Aprons
	
	PC and NPC id artwork
	
	nyan bad route
	
	bat and harpy arms need to block arm, hand, finger, wrist slots
	
	add a small blurb for when you return to Amber (as a submissive) after unjinxing and removing your collar
	
	the Transform menu let you change the size of your wings
	
	How come the tooltip for Energy mentions Stamina in the calculation
	
	slime pupil colour not working
	
	ot sure if this is a bug but I find it pretty weird that when I'm selling myself at Angel's Kiss I manage to get clients that aren't even attracted to me. (I'm a female and they only like males).
	
	If you've read a species book before the recent update you can't get the new boost from said book.
	
	Zaranix is a male in the text when you return to his house but the nearby people leaves him in female form
	
	Still can´t encounter any harpies in harpies nest whatsoever
	
	sort clothing by type first 
	
	Minor gripe, but could the store/inventory screens get a placeholder scrollbar? I don't like the tiny shift in size/position that the two inventories get when you move from item with a short description to an item with a sufficiently long one (or vice versa).
	
	Sailor uniform
	
	
	
	
	Duner's stuff
	
	
	Zaranix
		- Ask about incubus form
			- if affection > 50, then can convince to stay as futa succubus Zoelix
			- scene where you show her how good it feels to stay as a female - Zaranix gains pussy slut and self-breast fetishes
		- Sex
			- If incubus, he only accepts blowjobs
			- If succubus, get full sex
				
	Preg reactions (including first time seeing them) for:
		Pix
		Amber
		Katherine
		Kelly
		Zaranix
	
	
	Milking job prostitute options
	
	a scene that one of your slaves can rape you if you gave permission to use you and permited outside Freedom
	
	slime tails
	
	condom breaking

	In Succubi's Secrets, there's an extra line of the basic skin colors. Only the top row can be used.
	
	after arthur reunite with liliya. you have to get arthur a room to proceed right?
	here is the bug. enter a room for example gg-03. and select gg-01 to put arthur there
	voila bug
	
	Nobody is giving the player kinks on losing. Ever.
	I noticed that forced fetishes don't seem to work in submission. Any NPC with the fetish down there simply will not give the player new fetishes
	
	When using the demon tf menu to get rid of either of your genitals (penis or vagina), then if you have a piercing in either one it will remain attached until you remove it.
	
	chokers
	
	Fix urethra actions not showing up (add hand orifice)
	
	
	
	I think angel offspring should be encounterable in the code... I'll make sure it's working for 0.2.3.! :3
		Make Harpy offspring in nests
		
	
	bat tails
	
	vagina's urethra stuff isn't in the demon/slime transform menu, no real need to rush it though, transformation items still work.
	after messing around a bit i noticed elasticity and plasticity don't work for the vagina's urethra, even with items. still see no rush, it's not a kink everyone's into and still works, just no super stretchy and instant recovery.
	
	 It seems that slime offspring will be listed as slime offspring, with the mother's main attributes (angel, demon, feline, etc), but when meeting them out in the world, they are no longer slimes, but show up as human.
	Has slime offspring been fixed yet? Sorry to be annoying but in the previous version they only ever showed up if you knocked up another slime and even then thwy end up as humans with slime skin. (Human trait and body but slime skin) 
	
	slime need to be naked
	
	give the npcs more forced transformation options?
		Still missing ball size,penis girth, and so on.
	
	 I try to change the vaginal/penile urethra plasticity, it always stays the same
	
	there's still that bug where having an NPC remove your clothing comes up as [playername] removed your [clothing]
	
	essence & flame income balance
	
	game crashed requesting creampie in submission
	
	Will NPCs one day remember that they've seen my genitals before? It's weird that the same person is always surprised by my trap.
	
	so i got a slave preggers (dogboy cuntboi, player species was dog boy) and after pregger period, gave birth to three dog boys off screen.
		while hunting, however, all three were pure humans. same thing with a dog-slime-boy i made by forcefeeding a random npc (which was FUN). got him knocked up and he gave birth off screen to another dog-slime-boy. the child i encountered in submission was a standard human slime boy. oh, small side note, small typo in dog-slime-boy pregnancy, incorrectly points to "her" pregnant belly when it should be "his".
	
	Urethral still seems bugged. Since the person who is penetrating treats it as if nothing is happening. 
		"Lets get started"
		"lets fuck already!"
		etc
		
		According to the formula, I should have 120% chance, pregnancy and impregnate chance only shows 75%. Preg chance: ((virility%*cum prod mod)+fertility%)/2 Fertility 100. Virility 100. Cum prod mod 1.4
	So, ((100*1.4)+100)/2 = 120%
	Most NPC's have a chance or small chance of impregnating my futa and I only have a high chance of impregnating others, including demons.
	It almost as if the % chance is passing 100, then resetting the chance and the game is only seeing the 20%.
	
	If you walk to the same square as a slave that's working and press the slave's name in the upper right corner to get to the info screen, the "Back" option does nothing
	
	Urethra:
		When the one penetrating cums, if they cum a lot, the other character gets an inflated stomach, it would make more sense for their balls to inflate. And if the one receiving cums, there's just the regular cum outside dialogue.
		Add orgasm content.
	
	jinxed shorts causing sell self to bug?
	
	Just say one flame per ml instead
	
	While creating your character, if you choose a certain piercing but then change your mind, they will show up in your inventory when selecting your clothes
	
	change horn colour (succubus) at some 
	
	
	- Improve the slavery UI, and add more jobs & interactions (winner of Patreon content poll).
		- Adding content for interacting with them in their place of work.
		- Adding content for all of the current settings (such as forbidding them to talk, and letting them leave the house).
		- I'll try and add in a setting for their behaviour this version (set them to act friendly or cold)
		- Add job: bedroom slave to act as alarm clock with blowjobs and sexual intercourse. 
		- Finish milking job.
	
			
	: hi, did anyone notice "Forced TF Gender Tendency" not working at all?
	I've only been getting tfed to female about 30 times, despite it being set on "masculine".
	I'm playing on 0.2.2		
	
	Harpy punishments
			
	Pussy control descriptions
	
	Stop NPCs presenting butt all the time
	it is possible to tease somebody's cock while penetrating their pussy
	
	sex action swap AI keeps swapping back
	
	wing size self-TF
	
	
	PRs
	
	
	-----
	
	
	? There seems to be a bug in the new character creation system where you don't have your virginities when you say you have no sexual experience and vice versa.
	
	I have a slave that should be getting pregnant from the stocks but isn't.
	
	urethral creampies
	
	can cum as normal while being urethra pen'd
	
	milking room
		make slave value take lactation into account
	
	if you drop the transformation menu requirements when you're in said menu (for example, removing demonic horns when they're the only non-human part on you) the menu changes to act somewhat like the slime transformation menu.
	
	dialogue for Candi pre-quest
	
	bimbo seeder, and brood mother to perk
	Add intellectual
	
	Despite being an angel-slime the child came out as a human (with a slime tongue??)
		Slime fathers aren't working properly
	
	Leg-lock option for missionary position, which would force the one penetrating to cum inside (if done on the same turn/close to them cumming) 
	
	it might be nice to perhaps add a side quest that directs players to the shopping arcade earlier in the game. IE maybe something like Rose asking you to pick up a new feather duster for her. Currently a character RPing following the main quest /storyline doesn't have much excuse to detour over to the mall until after Arthur is already rescued/ asks you to pick up up the hypno watch from the mall.
	
	Final sex stuff:
		Clit used like cock
		Tentacles
		Second cock
		Taur pussy
	
	- Characters can still be stuck with a phantom pregnancy that resets their pregnancy status on reload
	- In the slave day to day log, slaves are always listed as having sex with themselves (i.e. Ben fucked Ben) and only if you have impregnation opportunities turned on will you actually see who they potentially impregnated
	
	harpy offspring to be added to nests
	
	I'm a wolf-slime girl and apparently that doesn't qualify for seducing Brax
	
	The alligator-girl presses herself into your back, letting out a high-pitched squeal as she prepares to reach her climax. The alligator-girl's hard dick twitches, and she feels her huge balls tightening as she starts to cum.
	The alligator-girl slides her hard dick out of your command_unknown, before reaching down and starting to furiously masturbate; her hand running up the length of her shaft to rub and tease her blunt head. As her huge testicles tense up, the alligator-girl's alligator cum shoots out all over your back. The alligator-girl grins as her alligator cum splatters onto you, and you can't help but let out a moan as you feel it running down over your skin.
	The alligator-girl slides her throbbing dick out of your urethra.
	
	slime children not having correct races in stats screen
	
	Clothing removal - Before your Maid's dress is able to be removed, Hooded cloak and Maid's dress need to be removed.
	
	Derived fetish from masochist + submissive + (having a non con fucktoy desire level of at least 3 or higher) . "Slave" fetish
	Removes the instant max hatred penalty from enslavement. And perhaps even allows worshipful non criminals to willingly chose enslavement.
	
	
	
	- Have all of the core content for Submission finished (all of the encounters written in, and every area having at least the basics of their content added).
	
	- Add urethral penetration content. (Just penises for now)
		Add urethral-related dirty talk
		Fix penis urethra being used for handjobs
		
	
	- Finish the spell system and add a few more weapons.
		Companions
		Spell levels
	
	- Add in a mod template for items, clothing, weapons, and sex actions.
	
	Prostitutes having sex (not removing partners correctly?)
	
	but its impossible to buy succubi slaves at auction block, you can't bid twice without exceeding the max amount of flames you can have
	
	----------------- Sex -----------------
	Sex AI: Also, I'm not sure if it's a bug or if it's just weird luck on my end, but it seems like most enemies are not actively advancing sex scenes, even in the dominant role.
	 I get a lot of cyclical fingering that never turns into sex, or stripping and then saying "What should I do with you? I wonder" and not actually doing anything.
	 
	During sex with slaves locked in stocks, you can perform analingus and blowjobs at the same time.
	
	NPC-on-NPC kissing actions
	
	Sex AI to target others
		check to see if attracted to them
		check to see if actions is not empty
		
	NPCs will wait to orgasm until you select them
	
	NPCs have trouble removing witch dress + hooded cloak combo
	
	Need to make an isExclusiveWith() method, return list of SexTypes
		in doggystyle with brax I can fuck him AND ride his cock
		
	---------------------------------------
	
	Ear bat ultrasonic description
		night time bats
	
	Give racial bonuses unique things
	
	NPC's (at least for me) are stuck on genital transformations again. I set one to desire a feminine PC, with vagina and breasts instead of a penis and she's stuck trying to give me a vagina I already have.
	
	my character started with the Witch's Seal spell
	
	my children are born slimes like they are supposed to be, but they are labeled as man/woman in the birth scene. and also i can seem to encounter them myself in any of the waterways or in submission.
	
	Tooltips: his message isn't correct i've already taken off mah pants, also i can still unzip my pants and the description is "This will expose your cock" when i've already had it exposed
	
	Prostitutes are unaffected by arcane storms
	
	Could we get ability to spend an arcane essense to trigger clothing transformations on demand
	
	Slime lges: A leg type to merge their legs together into one slimy mass. It should block off the foot slot like harpy feet do.
	
	able to just beat the storeroom quest thing without doing it
	
	When you're getting Kink TFed it still does the regular TF text. Saying they'll make you into the perfect "whatever" morph, instead of perfect "kink"
	
	text for changing aprts in phone menu
	
	nail lengths
	
	Do Lilaya's tests, creampie her so she banishes you then return. Asking her about Essences and Jinxes will be greyed out if her test sex was your first Dominion orgasm harvest, unsure if only tried to the not pregnant  conversation but suspect both outcomes also leave it greyed.
	
	don't forget to add Ashley to the shopping arcade fast travel.
	
	it's the fact that main street encounters with prostitute characters still end with the 'now that you've discovered their secret, this is the last time you'll see them' thing. You did NOT discover their secret.
	
	if you start a new game without closing the game(full game) the rooms names in Lilaya's house continue to count where the last game ended.
	
	NPC changed appearance between encounters. I met a dark alley succubus with blue skin, and when I returned to the same succubus later, she had Ivory skin.
	
	in the character creation screen I can’t give my pc facial hair “Feminine characters cannot grow facial hair.” despite having feminine beards enabled.
	
	"Grace lets out a desperate squeal as you readily push your tongue deep into her slightly loose pussy.
		A desperate squeal bursts out from between Grace's delicate lips as she eagerly pumps her throbbing cock in and out of your mouth."
		Basically if you start giving cunnilingus first a lot of sex encounters let you give a blowjob at the same time.
	
	Have all of the core content for new Dominion, Submission, and Harpy Nests finished (all of the encounters written in, and every area having at least the basics of their content added).
		Submission []
		Gambling den:
			trader (overpriced, 90% junk)
			dice game - earn money (can offer orifices for flames)
			Impregnation game (as player or target) - add pregnancy tests
	
	Finish effect being generic for all types
	
	
	charatcer creation sex experience +/-
	
	poledance staff
	
	- Succubi seem to all change colors
	- Slave activity logbook completely clears on load.
		- This creates occasional further bugs i.e. two of my slaves are exported and imported slave stocks NPCs and whenever I losd their status is returned to 'ready for birthing' except without pregnancy.
		 Every single pregnancy of those two has to be resolved without loading a saved game, otherwise potential babies disappear into digital void. "
	
	Deepthroat orgasm is a less-detailed version of "creampie"
	
	A "milk prostate" action usable when fingering someone that has a dick?
	
	preg nipple & Areolae size
	
	one, when you import a character haircolor is changed to brown (it was previously green with black highlights)
	When using Ice Shard spell on someone, it says they take LUST damage, but actually get their Aura damaged.
	-Slimes still spawn with makeup in 2.1.1
	no tooltip for spells
	
	
	so I knocked up all the slaves but they somehow lost their pregancy status before Evie did. and the stat screen says they are ready to give birth. is this a bug? this is for .2.1.2 Alpha
	
	need hyper breasts status effects
	
	NPCs !!!STILL!!! making you stop penetration just before climax!!! (Stopped me eating her out)
	
	As a slime, Unable to eat a used condom to become pregnant... Literally Unplayable
	Please let us avoid fights with slimes using used condoms
	
	The special dialog with Lilaya about pregnancy when she is the on that impregnated you is missing. Plus the dialogue is missing where you got pregnant from someone else and went to Lilaya after you had sex with her.
	
	using addictive and/or hypnotic fluids to brainwash slaves; forcibly increase obedience through addictive fluids, and forcibly increase both to a lesser degree through hypnotic.
	
	could you there be an option for pregnancy breasts and milk capacity revert back to the original size/amount after a period of time? maybe it could be like a timer 'status' effect?
	
	balance xp gains
	
	Suggestions: It would be nice to have mouth(inside - teeth and tongue) transformation apart from just face transformation [I like my wolf-girls with human face but canine teeth]

	(far in the future)There could be alchemist perk like there is Arcane weaver perk, and Transformation fetish would then instead offer you a stat boost for 1 hr or 2 whenever you transform someone (perhaps something like + 10~20% exp gain)
	Similar buffs could then come for Orgasm denier[Bonuses to physical damage for few hours] and Self denial fetish[Seduction damage bonus]
	
	I understand you wanted to offer condoms of different colours, but right now, it's bit annoying, as you can't properly stockpile on them - could you make it so that it's possible to change colour of more than one condom at once
	
	since there is an option to be a squirter if you have a vagina, maybe you could add an option to squirt milk from nipples when reaching orgasm. It would be possible if the character is lactating and the ejaculation would decrease the amount of milk stored in the breasts.
	
	So, with the quest to retrieve the package for Arthur, there's a possibility that Vicky will rape your character.
	 Can you make it to where, when Arthur asks you if you had any troubles, you can say, "Well, let's just say I'm probably pregnant right now."
	  or some such and make him feel guilty? I know this is probably bad, but I like the idea of him stammering out endless apologies for putting you in such a position.
	
	My slave at the public stocks gets pregnant and gives birth zero days later
	
	Also one of my slaves has retained his penile virginity after being setup as a slave stud for atleast a month and none of the women have been pregnant by him(he's the only one). I also have him as a initiator with plenty of sex toys. I'm not sure if this is a bug or if it just hasn't been implemented yet.
	
	Getting some phantom pregnancies with some of my slaves. One set shows up on the phone, but not on their status screens or anything else, and the other NPC gets pregnant, with all attendant status and dialogue changes, but occasionally doesn't resolve
	
	Lilaya panties
	
	Exhibitionist counter - prude
	
	erection & pregnancy work
	
	totalCumLoss = baseCumLoss + max(0, decayRate*(cumVolume -  orificeCapacity))
	
	-Maybe reduce chance of a character spreading their ass for you when they're actively penetrating you? xP
	-Wearing clothing that modifies your stats for a long period of time gets really annoying-- especially if you have added enchantments at different times. I had a single item that popped notifications three times an hour that were inconvenient to close with my hand on the wasd. -Maybe put modification notices somewhere else? Also annoying if you're wearing an item with transform effects that don't do anything because you've hit the limit. Interrupts gameplay to tell you nothing happened.
	-After interacting with either character's inventory during sex, the action menu tabs to Self Actions, which I almost never use. Maybe it could remember the tab you were on and return to that?
	-More options for things like penetrating someone and sucking them off at the same time, or being penetrated and getting sucked off/doing paizuri, could be nice in certain positions...

	Just wanted to post a problem i have about arthur's secondary quest, Arthur's Experiment, i recieved the quest, i went to the shop to collect the package but then i get stuck when i want to deliver the package to Arthur i go to his room but i have no option to do deliver it to Arthur. There is also another problem with Arthur, after rescuing him he got placed into the bedroom in the mansion and the system now consider him as a slave even if in his page he is not, he does not even appear on my slave overview, i can interact with his in same way as any other slave in their room. But i can't give him his damn package.
	
	-Enslavement piercings work when they don't have the slot available, but then they don't have the item when you check the slave. They don't have any enslavement item at all. Even works with a dick piercing on a character without a dick.
	-While penetrating you in the Missionary(on back) position, a character can still tease your dick with their pussy.
	-No description on the "Milk __" action tooltip
	-The "Fondle balls" action requires access to their urethra. No fondling while riding/sucking?
	-In the description for "Suckle": "roughly suck and nipple her wet teat"
	-The phrase "You can't help but shake the feeling that someone's..." appears often in environment descriptions. Should probably be either "You can't shake the feeling" or "You can't help but feel like someone's..."
	
	I noticed you said that you are still working on how piercings will work for slimes.
	 Well if their entire bodies are made of goo then should you just be able to put piercings in and they will be able to be worn? And for if you turn back to flesh later, either they can immediately pop off and will be put in inventory if they weren't pierced before, or any place where piercings currently are becomes automatically pierced because the flesh forms around the piercings.
	
	Is anyone else having issues where if you start a new game and try to upgrade slave rooms, there's already a debt to pay before you even put in any upgrades?
	
	the slave interaction option button appears when there's nobody in the room
	
	- Kid spawns in Submission (?)
	- Description says 'Whitney is your daughter, who you fathered with an alligator-girl. She was conceived on day 6, and seven days later she was born. You first encountered her prowling the alleyways of Dominion, and, through some arcane-influenced instinct, you both recognised your relationship at first sight.'
	
	You can have a floor length pixie-cut. Maybe my definition of pixie-cut is wrong but I would expect that it should be limit to short or something
	
	Plasticity decreasing enchantments on clothing don't work. Enchantment itself says "increase" even when you make the target the lowest possible value ("rubbery"), and there doesn't seem to be any periodic activation messages for the happenstance.
	
	And finally unsure if the bug has been brought to your attention but it seems as if with anthromorph npc's there are no male feminine ones and if you have that listed for spawns (In the furry preferences) and not masculine it will spawn humans and humans only even if humans are disabled as random npc encounters. 

	The same issue is happening with having traps selected of either androgynous and feminine in gender preferences. Only humans will spawn even if humans are disabled.
	
	foot fetish
		as for feet stuff, apart from regular footjobs and all, there could be more sadistic/humiliating stuff too, so it relates to available fetishes more too, such as making someone lick your feet/or being made to do so, which is hot asf tbh, apart from that what i though of was if you had a previous sexual encounter or your partner had it, and lets say they had someone cum on their legs or any part, you could be ordered/order someone to lick it up and all that sort of stuff
		in rape scenarios you could force others to lick it up and all which would increase lust for one that has sadist or masochist fetishes and all
		or could decrease lust if lets say you're raping someone who hates dirty stuff (lets say legs that have been soiled at this case) and forcing them to lick legs and having to clean it up in the progress
		apart from that there could even be certain effects when you dont wash yourself in general even if you dont have encounters
		lets say you went a full day without washing yourself and there's smell and all that
		 as I'm particulary into legs/feet with any sort of hosiery/socks or whatever on them apart from shoes, then it could have negative effects on person whom you're raping, or negative effects on you if you're being raped and you do not have masochist fetish
		all that sort of stuff ^^
		also regarding lust system, you could get to know other fetishes lets say if you do some side quests to lilyana or lets say steal some of her device a bit later in game (such as googles)  that allow you to see a few fetishes of other characters
		making it easier
		plantigrade/digitigrade
	 
	
	!!! Pix consent version !!!
	Content for impregnation
	
	
	The molesting of the submissive by the dominant through their clothing and the addition of jockstraps to give a male version of backless undergarments

	Oh, and I'll also get the kink generation sorted out soon; at the moment it's almost completely random. ^^
	
	Can you make it so that when you use the "grow cock" option during sex, it uses whatever options you have set in the transformation menu
	
	imp forced TFs messed up
	NPC slimes will attempt to turn you into a slime and the game will tell you its working but you remain human
	
	Change personalities to be personality traits:
		kind/cruel
		yandere/tsundere
		shy/gregarious
	
	Allow demons to change their wing size and pubic hair color.
	
	Improve breast-feeding action text
	
	Improve intro to reference increasing arousal more
	
	Is it just me, or does the sexual preference setting get reset to ambiphilic once you get past the intro
	
	Lilaya slime pregnancy birthing
	
	
	Slime TF screen piercings.
	
	Udders
	
	sailor uniform
	
	A baton and aphrodisiac dart taser for the enforcer set
	
	In the github version, I came across some male NPCs that had a high fetish for receiving vaginal sex, despite having no vagina as well as some female NPCs that were cum studs despite having no penis. There might be something wrong with whatever bit of code you wrote to make sure that randomly assigned fetishes were appropriate.
	
	witches who have 100 corruption start at 10 lust
		Lust into combat/sex
		Attraction
		
	Are demons supposed to be able to have pure human babies? Because every demon I knock up has a mixure of humans and imps.
		
	Maybe related to the last,  slimes with transformer fetish make no effort to transform a defeated player to slime.  (find female human. > I want a male slime.  Turns to male in two defeats.  >You are my perfect male slime.)
	Incubus in dominions alleyways, when defeated, transforms normally when going through full transformation, but going through quick transformation (incubus,  remove penis, add vagina, add breasts) only manages to add the breasts.
	
	I don't think Nyan notes when she gives birth
	
	Submission: Been getting 10+ Essence from every fight in there, not to mention fuckloads of XP
	
	ear size modifier
	
	Imps should receive a spell cost reduction, but have hefty seduction damage resistance penalties in any combat that involves a demon
	
	The enemies in Submission are worth way too much exp and money for how easy they are, especially since the TF item to become a slime is so rare that you'll need to fight about twenty thousand or so of them to see it.
	
	breast & ass coverings
	
	Chair sex actions
		"Rough Talk" with Kate is associated with the "Incest" fetish.
	
	Harpy OP flying move
		Detect combat as melee
		
	Foot fetish
	
	lust is resetting after every fight
	
	 my game froze when Lilaya tried to undress me and I had chastity crotch belt with chastity penis cage equipped.
	
	Natural hair growth
	
	All targeting is completely messed up in multiple-partner sex
	Tooltips, orgasm descriptions, available actions, everything
	Orgasming seems broken until the targeted partner gets to 100
	
	if you have trap andro or trap feminine selected in gender preferences or both. You get human spawns in alleyways even if human spawns are disabled.
	An NPC who "likes" "being raped", but doesn't have a fetish for it, still stays right at zero lust even if you aren't doing anything they dislike/hate. Is this intended?
	There's an interrupting event for when a storm starts, but when it reaches the end it just stops with no fanfare. There really should be something to indicate that the storm has passed.
	If you cum while giving an NPC doggy oral, you can cum on their back. You couldn't possibly do this while actually eating them out, of course, you'd have to stand up first.
		There's no real reason why this shouldn't be allowed, really, you could for example be fucking someone against a wall, then when you're done turn them around and push them down to give them a facial.
		 It might be nice to be able to do this without having to switch position manually, in fact. Based on how most positions work, however, this is a bug.
	"and zero day later, she gave birth to"
	
	sun dress
	
	opt out of anal fingering
	
	 a "stomp" attack for reindeer leg
	
	notepad++ bugs
	
	add the ability to interact with the sub's genitals through clothing asap! :3

	I will also add jockstraps! ^^
	
	When you trade with Nyan, leaving the trade puts you in the “Talk" tab. Either the “Trade" tab should be first, or the game should remember the last tab you were on so you can switch between trade categories easier.
	
	Maybe there could be some variation there based on muscle tone, say an untoned character might have their chest described as “your soft chest", while a highly toned one might see “your chiseled pecs" or whatever.
	
	peryton subspecies
	
	smaller nose ring
	
	Could you implement trait/perk/fetish that forces it so the ofspring is always of the father species?
	
	For clothing enchanting, can tongue length be added as a modifier
	
	spiky/choppy hair
	
	pregnancy possibility including someone without penis
	
	
	
	More wing colours, really weird we can't use all the hair colours
	
	free enchantments?
		: Another enchantment issue, if you have a pile of items with the same enchantment and it loads to the next one then it forgets to look for existing enchantments
	
	
	I applied addictive and psychoactive properties to my character's girlcum, then tried to test it out by having her get eaten out, then once she reached her climax I clicked 'thigh squeeze', to cum directly into her partner's mouth. However, none of the effects worked.
	
	My character got impregnated by a dobermann, but gave birth to normal dog-morphs.
	
	Also not sure that this is a bug but when having submissive sex, and the slave has a submissive fetish, and he is subservent, and also worships you... shouldn't he gladly switch to the position you want?, im resending this here because it's kind of a grey line, cause i don't know if it is supposed to be this way
	
	I Have a greater incubus slave. I put her to work as a test subject with Lilaya (male transformation). She was pregnant ( I know I´m an horrible person), In the last transformation she lost her vagina and gained a penis. But she is still pregnant, and when i have sex with her I was able to use her vagina. So it still exist. I understand that when a character is pregnant is not posible to remove the vagina. Is that what happened here? Lilaya tried to transform her but she was unable?
	
	NPC idea: Gang Leader, a badass morph mugger with one or two regular muggers by their side, usually all the same species, encountered in purple alley-ways. Can be more dangerous than demons sometimes and often wears swank enchanted clothing
	
	
	. Does a hypnotic trip get extended if they still have an orifice jampacked full of the hypnotic cum
	
	need to add way to ingest milk
	Need to add girlcum effects from non-orgasm lube
	
	vagina squirter face descriptions
	
	content option to turn off nipple penetration
	
	Move res into internal file ;_;
	
	somehow a dog"girl" in the doggystyle managed to tease my butt with her dick
	
	set the number of potions you want to make at once
	save/load enchantment templates
	
	
	 Geisha Lilaya sex isn't checking for pregnancy properly?
	
	
	Possibly grey out NPC clothing that the PC can't see, such as underwear or crotch piercings if they are covered.

When a female grows a cock, the size could be based on the type, say a cat-cock might start at 4-6″, while a horse-cock could start at more like 12-18″ or whatever. The race definitions have information on cock sizes used when spawning a new NPC, right? I'd use that rather than starting out at 1″.

The Arcane stat could have a multiplier on essence received alongside its other effects.
	
	
	if a character isn't an anal virgin but has virginal virginity shouldn't it be a like
	
	ability to name your enchanted items
	add a "New Slot" button
	
	make that enchantment unlock after getting the license
	
	when fighting a harpy matriarch, (aura 20) I defeated them with just seduction, by lusting them to 100
	
	Trying to use the gifts on an NPC from the after battle from the inventory doesn't work, you use it on you
	
	
	Combat lust
		Lust carrying over into sex
		
	Spell tooltips in combat
		
	Damage scaling
		weapon & melee attacks
		level differences (make it a status effect or text displayed on each attack)
		fireball static 5 dmg values
	
	
	
	Combat & sex bugs
	
	
	
	Update chair sex, Pix, and Ralph
	
	
	Pictures!
	
	INTRO
	
	Need to add perk for harpies to make them good in combat
	
	can TF Bree
	
	Huh. I don't think broodmother or seeder are working. Seeder + broodmother on a harpy only resulted in 3 kids.
	
	The text for cum-inflation only keeps track of the hole you're currently filling.
	 If you've pumped enough in a girl's pussy and ass, combined, to make her look hugely-pregnant, it'll still only give the message for looking slightly-pregnant when you cum, if that's all that hole contains.
	
	...I just got a status effect update telling me I'm not pregnant.
	
	Add Submission as a placeholder - need rats, slimes, bats, and imps
	
	With confirmations ON, trying to delete an exported character from the export character menu will bump you to the save/load menu instead.
	
	So I ran into a futa catgirl prostitute, decided to pay for her to domme me. She decided she wanted oral sex. Why not? On the same turn, I decided to perform cunnilingus and she decided I was going to suck her cock... and now I'm somehow doing both at once.
	: When I chose to stop doing one, it was no longer possible to start back up, so I guess it's something that can only happen if both actions are initiated at the same time.
	
	Both the pre and post hotfix versions are bugged. Opening an inventory on victory before sex on a random encounter breaks any attempt to have sex with them.
	 I think the buttons still work (at least the shortcuts), but they don't change their text, and even if you manage to get out, buttons randomly become bugged.
Haven't tried encounter sex without looting first, since I can't skip class tomorrow. If you see this, Innoxia, pls. hotfox.
	
	 A toggle to turn off nipple fucking might be useful for some folks
	
	Ran into another bug. I helped a Yuletide reindeer girl (Midnight) with the snow. Then, when clicking 'relieve', only part of the interface switched to the 'sex interface'. The sexual action buttons appeared and worked fine, as did the text, but everything else was still stuck in the regular interface (energy/aura stats, map, characters/items present, event log, etc). So there were no inventories, her stats, etc.
When I selected to stop the sex, the game seemed somehow stuck between the regular and sex interface. There were no action buttons available anymore and the map was greyed out and inaccessible. I could still access the phone, but there was further no way to get out of it, so the game practically locked up for all intents and purposes.
I've done the event including 'relief' before (with someone else), but everything went fine then.
	
	Would you be up to the idea of making an item that completely wipes a slave's desires so they're all blank? It takes a ton of time to alter them with mystery kinks one by one...
	
	I will add items to NPCs' inventories, good idea!
	
	I will add support for clothing holding TF modifiers (such as giving fetishes, desires, or slowly changing body parts) as soon as I can! :3
	
	Suggestion:

Rework sex positions so that any position can work with the player on top/bottom. It doesn't make sense for give/receive oral, give/receive doggy, etc. to each be two separate positions, and I've seen a lot of requests for things like a cowgirl position with the PC on bottom, PC's back to the wall, etc. Rather than these being separate positions, it would be better all around, I think, if all positions were coded to be reversible by default.

You need to keep the save/load system in mind more when doing updates, I think. There have been a few changes recently that have had issues with saves (renaming corruption, storing desire levels, etc.). Maybe write “DOES THIS WORK WITH SAVES?" on a sticky note and stick it on your screen? It might help remind you that things need storing between sessions perhaps.

The one on the bottom of chair sex/missionary/cowgirl, if they have a cock, should really cum on their own stomach/breasts/face rather than on their partner.

Bug Report:

When you read books, you gain arcane instead of intelligence like you used to, but the game no longer tells you this. It doesn't appear either in the main window, or the event log.

I voluntarily submitted to a witch, and afterwards she didn't pull her dress back down after we were finished.

There are still some issues with lubrication transfer for some actions. Player dominant, receiving doggy position:
• PC spreading ass transfers between PC ass and NPC cock.
• PC anal tease transfers between PC cock and NPC ass.

When dominantly making an NPC fuck you, the action is called “Ride his cock". That fits for cowgirl, but not for doggy or missionary.

If an NPC dislikes an action, they probably shouldn't encourage you with dirty talk.

Asking for/receiving a creampie should give experience for the cum addict fetish.
	
While swallowing a load of cum shouldn't usually dirty a character's face, if the cum donor has a huge production, it's described as backing up and drooling out the receiver's mouth. This should dirty their face.

Why do cat-morphs have arcane affinity? The text says that they're physically agile, surely that should be a physique or energy boost, not arcane? That's kind of a problem with having too few stats, I think; the racial stat boosts can't distinguish between different things like they could if you had strength, toughness, and dexterity (for example). Most game systems have 4-6 primary stats, the three you had before were limiting, now there are only two it's even more so.

The catgirl I just met is “Stronger than the average horse-boy". Something about that just doesn't seem right.
 I don't typically think of catgirls as being super-strong. Is she right at the edge of the bell-curve, or is something wrong with NPC generation? It seems a bit odd that a level one NPC should be able to kick my ass quite so easily.

NPCs always spawn with zero lust. This doesn't quite fit with them wanting to rape you, and even those who aren't into your gender are supposedly affected by your aura. Mechanically, this makes them far too resistant to seduction attacks, since you do zero damage until you get their lust up.

Saving and loading the game causes time to pass, and the player will lose health if they have an energy reducing effect like recovering orifices.
	
	Regen is based on a flat value at the moment, but I will change it to be percentage-based. I'll also add a regen stat later on; good idea! :3
	
	Suggestion:

Maybe the check to see if we have a brush to dye clothes could check to see if we're in our room and have one in storage, so we don't have to either keep an inventory slot filled with brushes, or swap them out whenever we want to use one?

How about messy makeup content? When someone receives a rough face-fucking, they shouldn't really look perfect afterwards. It could be an effect that fades over time like creampies do (remember that makeup is magical and permanent in Dominion, so it makes sense that it can fix itself if it gets messed).

Bug Report:

I have in my inventory a dress with no enchantment on it, but with the green name & background of an uncommon item. I'm pretty sure it had an enchantment previously, but it lost it when I updated to 1.99. If possible, item enchantments should be updated, or if there is no equivalent in the new version, the rarity should be updated. Better yet, have item rarities computed dynamically based on enchantments rather than stored on the item - this will probably help with when item enchantment becomes a thing the player can do.
	
	Renaming made physique bonuses disappear again, need to rebuy affected items. Damn, kimonos got pretty expensive now, though that's pretty accurate, they do cost a fortune IRL. Slave collar prices are brutal as well though, not sure if that one makes sense.

Ashley's bio says: "Standing at full height, they measure 6' 1窶� (186cm)." Might be a font error on my side, but all other inch signs work fine.

Demonic and angelic skin lost their "flawless" modifier and share the regular "smooth" instead.

Blank NPC actions continue to happen during sex, most notably during dominant sex with slaves. Engaging the scene, then spamming "Do nothing" or "Calm down" makes it pop up sooner or later.

Submissive NPCs with with a virginity fetish still tell you to "Fuck my virgin pussy already!" in the eager pace.
	
	
		
	Angel's kiss
	
	Use the agility system.
	
	Nyan gifts
	
	Back out from trading needs to return a new dialogue
	
	
	combat issues
	
	
	unbuttoning shirt before pulling up hoodie :o
	
	I think I'll remove the spit option in the next release. As the forced TFs can now be disabled in the content options, there's really no need for it to be there anymore. ^^
	
	Add Candi dialogue for Nyan quest
	
	
	Just an FYI, I don't know if it's a bug but it seemed consistent enough for me, for some reason lubricating fingers will sometimes just crash the game, but it appears to be random when it happens.
	
	Because hands are not tracked separately, fluids can travel from one hand to the other in unexpected ways.  If a partner fingers your ass, then somehow lubricates their other fingers while still fingering you, your ass will also become lubricated
	
	Saliva
	
	can we get glue like as a fluid mod? IE like how pig cum hardens in contact with air to seal up the female's vagina and trap the rest of the cum inside
		congealing
	
	
		
	and a minor bug where the enemy statistic of win and lose or sub and dom sex also reset after you load the game.
	
	
	I noticed inspecting slaves often does that old glitch where the right side panel reports data from the last enemy fought rather than the slave as it should.
	
	
	I found another bug :( - if you bought any Yuletide gifts they are gone after you load a game
	
	
	make it so that submissive NPCs will always prefer the gentle pace in sex
	
	
	Just a mior text bug. If you decide to let Scarlet go (free her) you can encounter her later at Alexa's nest. Her description will state:'
Background
Once the owner of a shop in Slaver Alley, Scarlett is now a slave herself.

Obedience:
Scarlett is not a slave.
Scarlett is free-willed, and will do whatever she wants.'
	
	
	
	
	Arcane at <35 will submit at 100 lust
	Higher lust combines with Arcane damage to do huge damage
	Change all seduction damage to lust damage
	
	
	sadist & masochist should increase lust
	special attacks
	
	I will change the stats and perks into that system
		rename/tweak the aura stat a little
		Lust (mitigates % of seduction attack drain of arcane energy: 100% at 0, 0% at 100)
		need to set resting lust, and lust into sex
		Perk respec costs 5 essences per perk undone. Negative perks (clutz) can be forced on you and others
		
		weapons change attack (feather duster is tickle)
		
		Fire - build stacks and detonate
		Ice - build stacks which freezes
		Arcane - deals damage based on lust
	
	And overhaul the spells
		Learn offensive and defensive spells. Equipping crystals changes the theme of the spells (but without a crystal, you still have spells)
		
	And add more weapons
		Crystals function roughly the same
		Energy swords
		
	And greatly reduce the impact level has on combat, so that the stats are more important
		Level difference does +2% damage per level
	
	There seems to be some bug with the Harpy Matriarchs, even though they're supposed to be level 5 or 6, their stats are more like level 1 NPCs, so they only have 20-30 HP and 10 Aura, making them super easy to defeat in combat.
	
	
	
	
	- Fix the multiple-partner sex scene bugs.
	
	
	configure Bree and BRandi
	
	Getting 100 Arcane (which CAN be done legit currently) + the perk that improves spell efficiency will actually cause you to regenerate aura when you cast spells instead of using it up.
	
	why did I encounter a cuntboy when I have it switched to OFF. 
	
	: bug: adding two different aligator transformations to a potion (hair, tail) causes you to Discover your Natural Scale Color twice.
	
	If you try to give an NPC a slave collar while they have a neck slot item that is jinxed (and therefore cannot be removed), the collar doesn't get equipped, but the NPC is still made a slave.
	
	removing the collar induces a high loss in obedience per hour???
	
	Nyan
	
	Dobermann dog-boys
	Scar over eye & tattoos
	(Just finished fucking enforcer when first meet them)
	
	quest as planned
	
	if help them, then can choose 'say nothing' (get groped by the leader)
	
	when Nyan submits, if chose 'say nothing', you have to leave, watch, get fucked side-by-side, or blowjob while other one fucks Nyan
	
	
	clothing prices and standardised currency value
	
	add a way to reset perks
	
	So does the "Silence Slave" in the permissions menu still not work?
	
	Ashley's shop
	gag
	
	
	
	I will add masturbation in alleyways (and in the street for exhibitionists) at some point soon. :3
	
	All body parts need to use TF like Ear & Tail
	
	Succubus resisting at 80 lust?
	
	8ch bugs
	
	LACTAION/MILKING
	
	
	
	
	
	noticed some fetish/desire inconsistencies. (or rather, inconveniences) with some NPCs spawning with the brood mother/pregnant fetish and hating receiving vaginal or having seeder/impregnation and hating performing vaginal. perhaps a logic check and synergy between the fetishes and vaginal
	
	
	On the bug end, slot-in perks (interesting concept) reset if you close out of the game and load back into a save, and give you additional perk points.
	
	
	Lust mechanics
	
	
	
	should show that they do not have hair if bald.
ring gag metal ring with the metallic colors.
color-able bell-collar bell with the metallic colors.
	
	I will consider adding an options screen for you to disable NPCs' fetishes/dislikes, as I agree that this new desire system does make it a little frustrating to find an NPC that you like.
	
	
	Demons in the chapels have arcane prowess higher than 35 which is described as being equivilent to a Lilin's
	
	still no option to be penetrated in missionary (on back) pos?
	
	It seems that kissing increments both oral fetish XP's for the character doing the kissing, and neither for the character being kissed.
	
	Dunno if this might be a bug or an intended "splatter effect" but when I came on one npc's stomach, it said it went into her hair. Tried it again while playing a female and got the same message (though more descriptive about the stickiness in the hair)
		Only tried in back to wall position, no idea if it happens in another
		
		
	I'll look into the cross-dressing fetish probabilities, thank you for the report! I'll also add an "autosave on/off" option soon as I can.
	
	
	Horse-girl futa was able to initate (receiving) blowjob while player was eating her out
	Submissive incestous sex has an issue where if you are kneeling you can suck them off and eat them out at the same time
	
	Burning lust tooltip "you aren't interested in having sex at all right now"
	
	Ask for vaginal should have pussy slut
	
	after saving and buying scarlett if you load back buy scarlett button gets borken
	
	100% male dog boys spawning with the pussy slut fetish?
	
	: Found a bug. Got an opponent to 0 Aura, so I should've won. Turns out I was defeated, and I still have 5 HP and 115 Aura so...don't know how that happened
	
	I don't know if it always does it as I only had the one, but spraying Scarlett with "Diana's Perfume" gives - "A deep groan escapes from between Scarlett's lips, and she suddenly finds "command_unknown" thinking of how much she wants to dominate the next person she meets!"
	
	There is something different with the permissions for the slaves. Before they had sex with each other. But now the only ones who have sex are the ones display for public use. The permissions doesn´t make sense now.
	
	Was being spitroasted. Someone was doing an anal penetrative action, and all lines said they were fucking my ass, but when I went to respond to the dick in my ass, it said "eagerly hotdogged" and "eagerly anal fingered". It fixed itself later but I found it odd
	
	Choking, face slapping, breast/chest hitting
	
	Specifically, having one participant fuck another, while a third licks their groins and cleans up their mess. I'm not sure if I can do that with my girls yet.
	
	- There's an unnaturally high number of prostitutes spawning this version considering there should've been some nerfs to their spawn chance.
- I have to 're-insert' my observant perk on any load or game restart.
- Characters in my game seem to have a serious tendency to finger my character's butt when dominant.
- I still notice an extreme tendency towards self penetration
- People calling 8 inch penises cute little things, asking flat chested males why they have boobs like that, etc. (People keep laughing at my trap characters' lack of boobs)
	
	So I think my Game might be Bugged, after the initial part, meeting Lilaya and getting setup in the Main house, I went out and about for a stroll met the Greater-Dog-Morph and then returned, then when I Tried to talk to Lilaya about the Arcane Essensces Quest it was Greyed out and said I needed to perform Lilaya's 'Tests', I did 3 times now and nothing seems to be changing about the Greyed out Arcanse Essences, and I tried to change that with going to the Slaver's Den and it's still greyed out (I did the Lilaya 'Tests' a couple more times and nothing's happened. Sorry for long Post)
	
	: It looks like the damage types for fetish special attacks/effects just need to be switched and maybe a few other things (taking aura damage when lust is 0)
	
	I have it fullly expanded yet it looks like the xp bar is going outside it's boundries when nearly full (29/30) causing a scrollbar to appear at the bottom
	
	The numbers match the effects, it seems: III = +3, X = +10, etc. Confused me at first too.

	you gain 7.8924758932758925782 lust

	Looks like NPCs can randomly be given the transformer fetish, even if forced TFs is set to 0%
	
	she spawned as a broken virgin
	
	: I suspect this is a bug, but I noticed that when the transformer fetish is chosen, potion making first halves the cost, but then when you add effects, the cost is halved again.
		Essentially, it cuts the cost of potions to 1/4 the cost instead of 1/2
	
	gave my slave scarlett an oral fetish and a cum addict fetish, but when i engage in submissive sex she just pushes me to the wall and fingers me/kisses me. is there a way to get an npc to perform oral even in the dominant position
	
	it seems it does not recognise the gamestate as "default" and disables the button
	
	
	“NPCs who hate/dislike non-con should now never use you after combat."
This seems a bit extreme, they should still fuck you if you don't resist, IMO. If an NPC doesn't resist you, the game doesn't count it as rape, after all.

Bug Report:

When I load saves from 1.98.5, my corruption gets reset to zero. The new “Arcane" stat also starts at zero, although I didn't realise it immediately because of the bonus it has.

All of the drinks except Feline's Fancy are for Strength, are some meant to be for Arcane?

When enchanting a potion, some of the tooltips are bad:
• For Arcane says that it increases intelligence.
• Cold damage & resistance say they increase ice damage & resistance. These are basically the same of course, but they should use the same word I think.
	
	
	The slave value calculation is really just a placeholder at the moment (it only takes into account race, obedience, and fetish count). I'll refine it and provide tooltips to show exactly how it's calculated soon! ^^
	
	Gender detection. Now you have to look into full NPC description to use it. Maybe add some hint onto quick racial breakdown? Now it displays "Unknown!" even if you can detect it's presence or absence. Also, gender detection probably should not be an active trait, since it serves no real combat purpose.

Would be nice to get numeric character appearance stats without using appearance screen.

Would be nice to be able to see it outside of combat, in "Characters present" window.

Would be nice to have text history.

With new interface I can't find where to see racial stat modifiers.

Unclothing self and partner every time can be a bit... Repetitive. Maybe some way to expose genitals without spending ten turns?

"Lubricate orfice" option would be appreciated. Now it takes 3 actions: lubricate fingers, finger self, stop fingering self.

"Stroke cock" after "lubricate fingers" does not lubricate cock. As with the orfices, an option to lubricate penetration-capable appendages would be nice.

When player character is performing bj, "mouth status" on pc says that partner is performing bj on player.

"Cum on ..." makes little sense when you don't produce any cum.

Some sort of "watertight" orfice mod would be appreciated. As well as "absorbent" or "hydrophobic" skin mod to avoid "dirty" debuff without taking a fetish.

Clothes gender assignment is now hidden if you don't have a debuff from it, but it is still important for androgynous character, since it changes their visible gender.

Even invisible clothes affect gender weights. If you create a femboy he would be considered female just because he'll wear febale panties by default.

When growing breasts from flat chest, you need +5 to just get A-cups, and another 5 would give you E-cups. It's kinda difficult to estimate how much you need.

When starting new game after already being in game, you can't select femininity.

When starting as a femboy, you only can select from unisex and female clothes. Not that I have something against crossdressing, but more options for the beginning would be nice.

Nipples can be only "small" and "big." No "average" option?

"Puffy lips" and "puffy nipples" are kind of the size modifiers, no?

No tongue color options? If you want to get unusual flesh color, it would stand out.

Penis color for furry races shoul not be flesh-toned, it is usually some kind of pink or red, like interior flesh.

Some kind of way to distinguish racial transformatives from buff potions?

Mouth seems to be the only orfice without ability to change elasticity.

"Sticky" and "slimy" cum properties can't be removed by respective potion effects.

Stat gains from gym and books are not displayed anymore.

Apparently, now you have to dive into corruption if you want to use seduction efficiently?

Maybe self-penetration should not count as virginity loss?

When starting as non-virgin ambiphilic character, discription always says that you've lost it to someone of the opposite gender. Maybe roll it randomly, or just say something like "you've lost it in your home world" instead?
	
	
	
	no anal in missionary?
	
	
	Having arcane essence and flames only visible from the inventory screen now makes it a bit of a pain to tell how much is left when purchasing fetishes.
	
	java.lang.IllegalAccessError: Update to static final field com.lilithsthrone.game.sex.sexActions.SexActionInterface.$SWITCH_TABLE$com$lilithsthrone$game$sex$PenetrationType attempted from a different method ($SWITCH_TABLE$com$lilithsthrone$game$sex$PenetrationType) than the initializer method 
at com.lilithsthrone.game.sex.sexActions.SexActionInterface.$SWITCH_TABLE$com$lilithsthrone$game$sex$PenetrationType(SexActionInterface.java:29)
at com.lilithsthrone.game.sex.sexActions.SexActionInterface.isPhysicallyPossible(SexActionInterface.java:661)
at com.lilithsthrone.game.sex.sexActions.SexActionInterface.toResponse(SexActionInterface.java:220)
at com.lilithsthrone.game.sex.sexActions.SexActionInterface.isAddedToAvailableSexActions(SexActionInterface.java:178)
at com.lilithsthrone.game.sex.Sex.populatePlayerSexLists(Sex.java:1271)
at com.lilithsthrone.game.sex.Sex.initialiseSex(Sex.java:450)
at com.lilithsthrone.game.dialogue.responses.ResponseSex.initSex(ResponseSex.java:85)
at com.lilithsthrone.game.Game.setContent(Game.java:1091)
at com.lilithsthrone.controller.eventListeners.SetContentEventListener.handleEvent(SetContentEventListener.java:36)
at javafx.web/com.sun.webkit.dom.EventListenerImpl.fwkHandleEvent(Unknown Source)
	
	Also, it is kinda strange to see horse/harpy/etc morphs wearing socks.
	
	traits unselect when you load game, although I don't know why. You can reselect them in the character screen, but you have to do it again everytime you load game.
	
	I was playing as a futa succubus and I notice in the tfs in the smartphone that you can tf your cock to be blunt where there is no way to make it that way threw regular tfs.
	
	According to sex dialogue I am able to suck my own wang. Some line bugs are messing up to where it says im performing actions on myself
	
	cum on self
	
	also add iris colour TF to the demon TF menu
	
	Found a bug where a imported character with more then one pair of horns wont load as such in a new game.
	
	Dom Demons dont seem to know what to do if you change their preferences to receiving vaginal and make them dislike anal(giving or receiving). They'll just stay in standing position.
	
	game can't fullscreen?
	
	I need to fix the way most assholes are self-lubricating
	
	Using the Witch Seal sex option on a witch doesn't prevent self actions.
	
	That's how the game works at this point. You need to add penis size+ effects if you want a reasonably sized one. I expect that it'll be fixed before long, and the initial size of cock, balls, and cum (which all start at 0 at the moment) will depend on the race of the potion.
	
	: I don't think the Sex Stats: Blowjobs (Given) is working correctly; I have 0 given when I know that number to be higher.
	 BJ Cum given is also 0. Taken at 10 seems about right, and the cum taken is 10. Is cum given/taken supposed to be ejaculations or total spunk?
	
	bug: take all of something that stacks while your inventory is full doubles the item.
	 (As seen in the exit scene for the Chapel, picking up the "spare" witches clothes.
	  The Take All button lags the heck out of the game, lag scaling with the quantity of that stack.
	   (The take all lag seems like one of those problems that would take too much effort and will never be seen in normal gameplay) 
	   Lag also exists when selling all the items, which suggests the game is going through a list of each individual item instead of selling the stack in one go. 
	
	
	Pinning an NPC face-to-wall; she's wearing a miniskirt, not pulled up, plus pantyhose, plus panties; hotdogging and hotdogging tease are available. Surely all three of these should block that?
		Add correct blocking to all clothing
	
	I'll see about adding a special tease in sex for if you have the anal/vaginal/oral/etc. fetish at maximum level. :3
	
	
	Out of interest when are the NPCs going to get randomised items in their inventory/equips? It doesn't scale with them with is annoying.
	
	Attempting to delete someone from the character export menu redirects you to the save menu and does not remove the character.
		
	Derived Fetishes should probably specify more plainly that they require their parent fetishes and not just associated desire unlocks. Older players will likely know this out of habit, but newer folks might not since it never actually indicates this.
	
	Also noticed the eager pace gives virgin subs, including yourself, dirty talk about wanting their partner to take their virginity, even if they have the virginity fetish.
	
	Right now, I noticed that NPC desires feel a bit random and inconsistent as they are right now. The NPCs might feel more alive if you create the impression of some underlying logic in their likes and dislikes.
	 It might make sense to create a system that takes into account gender, sexual orientation, tf type, or personality archetype as well when selecting fetishes and desires. 
		For example, maybe wolf morphs are more likely to be dominant or sadistic (ie: "alpha") while dog morphs are more likely to be submissive (because they're "domesticated wolves"). You could also have straight men be more likely to dislike being anally penetrated, or gay women favor oral sex (since strapons aren't yet a thing in the game). Unlike the sex AI, I don't have any decent ideas for how to implement it. You could have a method inside the desire object itself that returns a weight based on those factors, but it might be tricky to use a system like that while also keeping the number of likes and dislikes equal.
	
	Add a map screen to the phone. The minimap is OK, but even when zoomed out still only shows a small part of the city. You could have useful tooltips for each cell, showing things such as cell name, NPCs present, etc. Could even serve as part of the fast travel system when it gets implemented.
	
	The long breast description (selfie picture, exposure text, etc.) notes nipple colour, but not breast skin/fur colour.
	
	: okay so, after having been pounced/ambushed and "fucked" by one of my slaves, wich was me trying to get them to do more then touch herself really the map area is stuck on clothing worn, and :eyes:
	 initiating sex with Lilaya seems to open up the inventory rather then the sexy stuffs. on that note, its still saying im having sex,
	
	make sure that the lore books are dropping properly
	
	even if I remove the sticky and slimy effects from cum, the next time I load those attributes remain. Not a deal breaker, but still a problem.
	
	It seems a little odd that all items of clothing are the same price. Surely a fancy jacket or dress should cost more than a pair of socks? Even the incredibly posh-looking dress coat is the same price.
	
	“Size Queen" fetish (Size King? M/M isn't my thing, you'd have to ask a gay dude what they call guys who are into big dicks - or rather who like big dicks into them :P)
	Effects would be a resistance to seduction damage from opponents without a visible bulge, vulnerability to seduction damage from opponents with a visible bulge, and change “Recovering Orifices" debuff for positive version.
	
	Similar to above, “Breast Lover" fetish could give resistance to seduction from flat opponents, vulnerability to especially busty opponents, “Anal Fetish" for ass size, and “Oral Fetish" for lip size. Orientation already provides effects conditional on opponent attributes, so the framework should be there already.
	
	How about clothing fetishes? You could have leather fetishes, jeans fetishes, etc. for various different classes of clothing.
	
	When I tried to open my inventory in my room, it failed (error log). After saving and restarting the game, it worked as normal.
	
Suggestion:

It would be nice to be able to give Candi a good fucking. Perhaps a threesome with Brax once he's with her.


A couple bugs:
On older saves, several unique items in vendor inventories and your own have lost their stat bonuses, probably due to the change of the effect's names. Affects the geisha set and Nyan's entire "specials" inventory minus lab coat. Also seems to affect any green or blue items that had fitness bonuses. So you need to wait for the midnight reset and rebuy your stuff.
In combat, special attacks reference "health" as their cost instead of energy.
Blank NPC action still happen occasionally during sex. No clue what causes it now and seems far rarer than it was two builds ago.

And a couple thoughts:
This has been brought up before, but I'm all in favour of changing when the "frustrated" debuff gets applied. Right now it doesn't matter how low your arousal is when you end the sex nor does it matter if you have the self-denial fetish or not. If you didn't have an orgasm, you get the debuff. But sometimes, I just want to grab my favourite slave and masturbate her unconscious. So I'd love to see that changed. Maybe don't apply it if you finish with less than 25 arousal, with self-denial raising that to 80, and/or introduce a new fetish that changes the debuff to a positive one, like exhibitionist and crossdresser do. Can't think of a good name for it though, nor of fitting bonuses.
I find the stat window for the main stats of 15-35 a bit weird. You start out with 10 strength, then put a meagre 5 into it and be suddenly considered "strong" and "above average"? I think 20-35 would allow for some more sensible leeway.
And not sure about merging health and stamina into one. For one, it takes away some customisation. Being a cardio bunny stat-wise is now impossible, you always become a bodybuilder in the process. Makes the gym a bit awkward right now as well, all options give you a strength boost. Furthermore, it changes the tone of the game somewhat. With health gone, you can't get "beaten up" anymore, but instead just get "exhausted". Something like that.

And a question: do you mind being reminded of older bugs or do you keep a list anyway?

If you want to make a positive version of “Frustrated", the fetish to link it to would be “Self Denial". It specifically mentions that you're into edging if you have that one.


* Cum Stud. Liking or Disliking seems to make little sense, as why would increased/decreased Lust matter when you are already at the point of orgasm? Perhaps these will be tied more to NPC AI than Lust gains and be fairly irrelevant to the PC?

* Deflowering. This is a bit of a niche as it typically happens zero times in an encounter and might happen once. Perhaps it will be more of an AI thing than anything else? The Fetish has such a small benefit as it is that I cannot see any value in a 'Like' here, and 'Dislike' seems unlikely to matter much in terms of Lust gains or the PC's choices.

* Virginity. I am not really sure why you would take this outside the Fetish. What would a Like even do? What is the point of Dislike/Hate when it is literally a button press until it is never relevant again?

* Impregnation/Pregnancy. Would these cause a Lust gain when Pregnant/you have made someone Pregnant? Perhaps they are, again, more of an AI thing than a Lust thing and not too relevant to the PC?

* Test Subject. Since transformations occur prior to sex, would a Like/Love do anything? Perhaps higher starting Lust or a bonus to all Lust gains after a transformation? Dislike/Hate are super-niche, but perhaps they would turn it into a non-consent kind of scenario, where sex after you transform them puts them into the Resisting pace?

* Orgasm Denier/Incest. What would a Dislike/Hate even do here? You either Like them or not, so Dislike/Hate seems about the same as Neutral. Similar, Like without the Fetish seems awkward (but doable).

* Seeder/Broodmother/Bimbo/Cross Dressing/Exhibitionist. The Fetishes unlock specific content. What does a Like/Dislike do *without* these Fetishes?



Suggestion:

I previously mentioned that it's too easy to push a willing partner into unwilling pace, it also seems too easy to push an unwilling partner into willing pace. Don't get me wrong - I like the idea of breaking down resistance so they start to accept it, but it should take more to do so, maybe making them cum a couple times or something. It would also be nice if they had something like a “Broken" pace, where they're not resisting any more but aren't as enthusiastic as an originally willing partner. Maybe gasping and moaning, but not asking you to do anything to them.

That makes me think of another speech mutator you could add; something like “Non-verbal", where dialog is replaced by grunts and moans, rather than having them added. You could use this for anyone whose intelligence is reduced below zero, or perhaps a counterpart fetish for “Bimbo". I guess I'm imagining something like a bull-man whose animalistic side is dominant and who doesn't speak, although it could be applied to any character technically.

Bug Report:

When you do your first load from the start screen, the “Load" tooltip hangs around on top of everything (even other windows) until you mouse over something else with a tooltip. Maybe add a line to clear the tooltip at the start of the load game function?



My son said "sorry I didn't stick around until you woke up" but my mc was the father.
--
Is there a way to free your slaves?

Bug Report:

When an NPC did the Breast Lover tease, she said “Your going to have fun playing with those!". I'm pretty sure that should read “I'm going to have fun playing with those!".

Question:

What is the difference between availablePrimaryColours and availablePrimaryDyeColours for clothing items? At first, I thought it meant that randomly generated items would pick from availablePrimaryColours, and availablePrimaryDyeColours would be a list that the player can choose from when using a dye brush, but this is clearly not the case. After adding colours to the dye list, NPCs started generating with clothes of those colours. So what is the difference between these two lists?
	
	Why does Ralph sell dye brushes? Most of his stock is food, with a section for things like condoms that wouldn't fit in any of the other shops. But there is a shop for selling arcane supplies. It seems they would fit better there, or possibly in Nyan's “Special" section, as the dye brush is for use on clothes.
	
	increase the tooltip delay time
	
	-NPC's leave immediately after 1 orgasm. This makes gameplay for people who play submissive very dull.
	
	rework race detection and bonuses
	
	Clothing removal is not exposing the correct body parts, shifting/pulling down NPC clothes shouldn't reveal PC parts.
	
	What should happen next is this:
	
	Dark pink description of active partner beginning penetrative action
	Light pink description of inactive partner's ongoing penetrative action
	Light pink description of active partner's ongoing penetrative action
	Light purple description of inactive partner's penis self-lubrication (if applicable)
	Light purple description of active partner's penis self-lubrication (if applicable)
	
	Instead the following happened:
	
	Dark pink description of active partner beginning penetrative action
	Light pink description of active partner's ongoing penetrative action
	Light purple description of active partner's penis self-lubrication
	Light purple description of active partner's penis self-lubrication (reworded, but same name)
	
	The next round of the scene correctly contains the two light pink ongoing penetrative action descriptions after each action. 
	
	However my character also has an option in the sex actions window to "stop fingering". When pressed, this produces text that implies my character stops fingering the active partner. This action appears to have no effect, as the inactive partner continues the action on my character, and the active partner continues the self penetrative action.
	
	Possibly connected: The "stop penetrations" action does nothing in this scene, and no white text is generated for my action. The rest of the round continues as expected. The "stop partner" action works as intended.
	
	In this particular scene, the active partner was in the kneeling behind position, while the inactive partner was in the kneeling infront position. 
	
	I was able to begin giving the kneeling behind partner a blowjob. When I swapped the active partner to the one kneeling in front, that character's penis was now blocked.
	
	-This game still has a memory leak.
	
	two notices for fathered pregnancies don't disappear after they're finished; they still stay at "ready for birthing" despite being over already.
	
	I'd like more colors and clothes for men. Some things only have 6 colors available, and I'd like them to all have all the colors that women's clothes can get. I'd also like just more clothes options period. There are tons of styles of suits that can be done as sets, or ripped jeans, or different shorts and styles of t-shirt. Thank you!
	
	pull bandana down, not up
	
	I still think Arousal should be renamed to something like “Stimulation". “Arousal" and “Lust" are kind of synonyms, yet in the game they represent two quite different things. Also, it should really only increase when characters are actually being stimulated for the most part; you still have the issue where characters will spontaneously cum for no reason, which shouldn't really be the default. Maybe someone with the “Oral performer" fetish could be able to cum just from sucking someone off, someone with sensitive enough breasts could cum from having them played with, or a real masochist could cum from being spanked, but most characters should need more direct stimulation.

The character summary tooltip (mouse over a character's level and race) currently just shows race type and colour for each part; maybe it could also include the size, for parts that have a size.

There's an imbalance between manually stimulating cocks and cunts. With a pussy, you can do either a single-turn action or a pink ongoing action, while a cock can only be stroked on a turn-by-turn basis. This also doesn't seem to provide nearly the same arousal as fingering a pussy, so it takes quite a while to get a cock to cum with a handjob.
	
	I noticed that the navel piercing is labeled feminine, but there is no masculine equivalent. I'd like to get the piercing but I don't want to have to buy crossdressing just for that. 

One (really picky) thing is I like during the sex scenes when the NPC "talks" to you, but it repeats often and sometimes doesn't sync up with what's actually happening. It's already awesome, but I'd like a whole bunch more descriptions and in-depth dialogue because when I'm mining for experience or sexing my slaves the sex scenes get very repetitive.

Another annoying thing with the npcs is that even if they have seen you naked before, they still reacted shocked and surprised if you get naked and they see something they weren't expecting. Like if you have already impregnated someone, you would think they wouldn't be surprised every time they see your dick. Maybe if you change genitals before meeting them again it makes sense for them to be surprised, but not otherwise.
	
	BUG -- My character has c-cup breast and the guy she's fucking says "Hahaha, I don't think I've seen a girl with a chest that flat!". Unless this guy has only ever met the bustiest woman in existence, I'm pretty sure he would have come across one or two.
	
	some darker colors for clothing. Dark red (Crimson), Dark blue (Navy), Dark brown (Coffee), Dark Purple (Indigo/Eminence), etc.
	
	If you cum on someone's back, it puts a mess on their over-torso slot. If the over-torso slot it empty, logically it should instead put a mess on their torso slot (thereby making their top dirty when they put it back on). At present, they have a mysterious pool of cum floating around their back that does not touch their clothing
	
	Suggestions:

Give each NPC primary, secondary, and tertiary favourite colours; then when they get new clothing, rather than picking the colour of new items at random (so they look less like a rainbow puked all over them), give them a 50/33/17% chance to pick their respective favourite colours. When multiple items are generated at once they only come in one or two colours, but there doesn't appear to be any effort made to match replacement clothing to existing clothing, resulting in rather odd outfits if you take just one item of clothing each time.

An NPC who dislikes or hates raping will give up pretty soon if you resist them, but maybe they shouldn't even start? Maybe replace the “Resist sex" button with a dialog where you turn them down and they accept that on the defeat screen?

If we can't afford to buy all of an item that a trader has in stock, maybe the button should instead buy all that we can afford to?

Bug Reports:

The lines blanking out cells (0,0), (0,1), and (1,0) on starting a new game are duplicated in the importGame method, causing these cells to be blanked out each time you load the game.

NPCs without a vagina probably shouldn't generate with the “Pussy slut" fetish.

If you take an NPCs clothing without fucking them, they don't get new clothes. The new clothes need linking to the button to continue on without fucking an NPC as well as the post-sex continue button.

If an NPC dominating you gives up due to low lust before they cum, they get the standard “Frustrated" status effect but the post-sex scene plays out that they're satisfied.

The attacker and defender are still the wrong way around when calculating seduction damage regarding orientation.

If I take an NPCs panties, it tells me that I pull her skirt up, take her panties off, then pull her skirt down again (which makes sense). The problem is that I then examine her, and it tells me that I haven't seen her naked groin, so I don't know that she has down there. If I explicitly pull her skirt up, it reveals her details like it should, but that implicit one when I take her panties doesn't, yet it should.
	
	
	-Why can't I select my fetishes right from the start? What's the point/fun in leveling this?
	
	
	Bug Report: When I returned to Arthur to deliver the package, his interface changed to the normal slave interface.

Some content I would be interested in seeing would be the ability to restore virginity to other orifices similar to vaginas, as well as the ability to have multiple penises, allowing for double penetration.

Also, it would be nice if NPCs with the dominant/non-consensual fetish and impregnation/seeder fetish continued to disregard to your pullout/creampie requests.

I would also like for NPCs in the submissive position to be able request the use of certain holes, or to ask them what they want you to do. Additionally, I would be interested in special dialogue for NPCs with the Pure Virgin and Lusty Maiden Perks when you take actions like "Tease Pussy" as well as a custom description when you deflower them.
	
	
	When entering missionary, the description as written seems to assume the dominant is male and the submissive is female. When you swap the genders (assuming standard genitalia), the descriptions are a little odd (the male lays down and spreads his legs for the female to enter). That said, a minor tweak to descriptions and you would have Amazon position instead, so maybe could be tweaked into a feature rather than treated as a bug ;)

	One may or may not be a bug, but surprised me. I had a female character who repeatedly had sex with a male who had the Impregnation and Seeder fetishes. He always pulled out after sex. I would have expected him to be *less* likely to pull out (and I would assume female characters with Pregnancy/Brood Mother fetishes to be more inclined for you to cum in them).
	
	The description for the “Deflowering" fetish doesn't mention taking penile virginity.

	Anal fingering doesn't have the “Masturbation" fetish attached.
	
	The dirty talk for the PC performing “Paizuri" (maybe a setting to turn off gratuitous japanese? Might be setting creep…) instead plays the lines for the PC receiving same.
	
	Question:
	
	Has the rate of item drops increased? It seems like I'm finding items more, and NPCs less when I explore the alleyways.
	
	Bug: Kneeling to give a futa NPC cunnilingus in a submissive scene; the NPC swaps to a blowjob by first sticking her dick in your character's mouth, and stops you eating her out in the following 'round'. That only works if you have two mouths.
		Additional bug: when you have 15 actions in the Sex Actions window, thus filling every button space, the 15th action (bottom right hand corner) is duplicated to the second page. This duplicated option functions correctly but has no tooltip when you hover over the button.
		The following is what I wrote up while exploring the bug in this scene; it should be unnecessary, but I've kept in case it's needed for reproduction steps.
		Immediately following this, the NPC started fingering herself. However, my character has two options to "stop fingering" the NPC, one with a functional tooltip and one with no tooltip, as well as a greyed out option to start fingering the NPC (not available as the NPC's vagina is not free). Using the "stop partner" option causes the NPC to stop fingering herself. This then duplicates the "stop blowjob" option, again one with a tooltip and one without. In both cases of duplication, the functional tooltip one is the last option on the first page of options (in the bottom right corner), and the non-functional tooltip copy is the first and only action on the second page. Both duplications (of the stop blowjob, I cannot test the other as I can't save mid sex scene) successfully stop the action. As the scene progressed, the NPC caused my character to start fingering her. The added options pushed the "stop blowjob" option to the third position on the second page, and the duplication stopped; while the greyed out "finger her" option was the one that was duplicated.
	
	When performing a blowjob on the cat girl it says (You're struggling to fit ray's avian shaft down your throat.) Instead of the other way around.
	
	Change preg: I've looked at the code, and the formula is simply fertility + virility, except if either of these is less than zero.
	
	Breast reveal reactions using wrong character
	
	Hi, imported a character from a previous version: male human named Jason level 4 and got him in the auction. Then decided to transform him in a hermaphrodite greater aligator boy; then impregnate him and waited the 7 days. Suddenly some of his kids started to pop up in the back-allies, but Jason is still pregnant.
		Is a Little more complicated, Jason appears as still pregnant in the pregnancy stats window, but when i visit him, he isn´t. But the other characters that got pregnant on the same day or after have the resolved pregnancy status.
	
	images
	
	weapon damage in tooltip trader inv, tooltip player inv, and when clicked on are all different
	
	Ended up with a -10 to fitness after a significant belly full of cum, reason I'm posting here is because it remained even after it had drained.
Reloading seems to have fixed it and I dunno what I did to get that to happen. Figured I'd let you know I ran into some weirdness.
	
	When I lubricate my fingers, it makes anal impossible.
	
	Npcs who have control sometimes don't seem to do things they like, in this case I submitted to an alleyway attacker and in the middle of raping me they gave up, she also somehow managed to give up sex DURING an arcane storm
	
	
	
	NPCs with a fetish for being transformed could have a chance each day to use a random TF potion on themselves. For this to really be effective, you'd want to store a copy of their body the last time you met them, so if there are any differences you could have it display something like “The woman's breasts are bigger than they used to be!" or “The cat-girl has a bulge where she didn't before!" or something like that.

If the system mentioned above is reversible like many others are, you could store the player's body on each NPC too, and have them make comments like “Oh! You're a horse-boy now!" or “Well that wasn't so big last time!" or whatever. Having NPCs notice when you change from a 5′3″ catgirl into a 7′2″ bull-morph would make them feel more like actual people and less like a collection of stats.

The action buttons in sex scenes have icons on them to warn you if they change the pace or cause corruption; they should also have some form of indication that they match with your/your partner's dislikes/hates, to help avoid doing something wrong by accident.

When an NPC cums, and the PC is dominant, the player should be given some immediate actions like they get when they cum. Currently it's just “Prepare", but there should be more. The default should be something like “Slow down a bit", to give them a momentary pause while they cum, with other options such as “Deny" to stop just before they cum and frustrate them (this shouldn't end the scene, once they come down from the edge you can start tormenting them all over again), and “Faster"/“Harder" to drive them really wild as they cum. Also, if they have a cock, you should get to direct where their cum goes, especially if you're giving them a handjob at the moment they cum.
	
	
	
	breast reactions are using NPC self values
	
	Stamina:
		Upon stamina being depleted: NPC/PC can take control or run away
		
	Sex:
		XP: virgin, TF, denial, (check incest), exhibitionist, voyeurist, bimbo, cross dressing, lusty maiden
		Add experience from related sex actions, and Fetish levels up (append at end of sex)
	
	All teases should do damage based on target's preferences
	
	Add level variants for all fetishes
		
	add fetish screen to character creation?
	
	Bug: virginity loss text for anal and mouth
	
	cum sliding down into stomach when none is produced (for all orgasms)
	
	Spitroast
		Similarly, partner positions don't seem to matter, since someone stated to be in front of you can also fuck your ass and then suck off the person stated to be behind you.
		Hey, just wanted to report that during a threesome, the person kneeling behind me was able to make me finger them, they also never tried to penetrate me with their penis, just kept fingering themselves/me (tried before and after giving them the anal fetish it was the same)
		
	trying to bang lilaya in newest version, the game crashes when I try to pull down her bra or grope her tits, gonna wait for hotfix
	
	Bugs
	
	UNIQUE NPC DESIRES
	
	Typo: For incest in the "Desires & Fetishes" menu, it says something about liking/not liking "having sex with relations". Perhaps the word "relatives" would be the right word to replace "relations"?
	
	----------------------------
	
	Minor combat polish prior to rework (move out of middle panel, use same UI as sex)

	Nyan quest
	
	go through all unique NPCs and give them proper likes/dislikes
	
	Append item pickup/drop/use/equip/sell/buy to event log



 Also I dunno if this is intentional or part of noncon or whatever, but as the dom in consensual sex, I asked her to pull out and she completely disobeyed

Are the NPC sex paces supposed to not be fully working? If I rape them then they switch to "Resisting" just fine but their Submissive and Dominant fetishes never affect anything and always leave them at "Normal".


I think there's a bug with fetishes: some characters who don't have the masturbation fetish (and have impregnation, cum stud, oral fetishes)  keep fingering my PC instead of doing vaginal or oral.

Oh, and the entire race detection system is going to get overhauled soon, as the current method of detecting it (by skin) is a leftover from a very early version of the game.

I'll also add a lubricate tail action.

While we're at it, allow me a suggestion, if person is filled with litres of cum in vag/ass, if they don't clear them properly, it should not disappear, only slightly decrease

Two bugs in the new hotfix:  1) When being covered in cum by an NPC and wearing clean clothes,  it'll show the "you wipe the cum off on the clothes" text before the actual orgasm scene.
 And 2) during nonconsensual sex, the NPC's always listen to you, i.e. pulling out, etc

Need to add cumming on self stomach

: I've got a suggestion for the spanking thing with slaves: If the slave has masochist and either high affection or is a submisive nix the affection loss? Sorta like how you can nullify the loss while molesting if they find you attractive and are submissive? I'd have suggested a gain but that would add way to many things you can do to boost affection.

*1.98.1* when you recive oral creampie, and Wear *mouth* slot item, you got stuck at after sex *dirty cloth* info.

I will also add an option to set the size of Dominion. :3

Stopped thigh sex right before I had an orgasm, got “You slide your throbbing horse-like cock out of Player's thighs.", had orgasm, and then self actions tab appeared blank.  Switching to a few other tabs and then back to self actions fixed it.

Going going to page 2 of sex actions and then switching to another tab puts you on the second page of that action tab, which is (usually) blank.

	if you got a piercing on your cock and a TF removes the cock, that piercing stays in the cock-slot.
	
	When NPC is virgin (dirty talk):
		I'm still a virgin, ok
		This is going to be good (while performing paizuri)
	
	Fix pussy control action, and add leg-locking to missionary
	
	Add a 'cum into panties' action
	
	Update Lilaya & Kate's scenes (kneel for oral)
	
	still have the bug where the last person you had sex with is the only one you see under a magnifying glass when buying slaves.
	
One seriously annoying bug here; something seems to be wrong with one of my save files. One character, I can't export from 97.1 (error log). I can export from 96.5, but when I import into 97.5, I can't save (error log). This is just the one character; other characters I'm having no problems with.
OK, so I followed up on that bad save I mentioned. Looks like there's an entry under game > playerCharacter > character > playerSpecific > booksRead that has an empty string for the value, which translates to a null in game, and the 0.97 exporter is choking on it. Not sure why the 0.96 exporter generated that - I haven't looked into it that deeply - but deleting that entry from a 0.96 export file fixes the problem, 97.5 will save the resulting game just fine. I was even able to keep the progress I made in 97.1 by making a 97.2 build with the exporter bug fixed.
	
	Couple last bug reports, it seems like the "Cum on chest" option doesn't work (though maybe that's intentional because you just haven't added it yet)
	
	How about being able to add things like a dining room, storage room, gym, or things like that? The storage room could be used to store items instead of just using the entire house, and since slaves can work out, they could use the gym
	
	shouldn't swallowing cum count as cumflation too? It doesn't currently
	
	[Check that active NPC is being set]
		Bug: In the previous public version (0.1.97), I moved to a normal street tile with an October Succubus Chapel during an arcane storm. A random encounter occurred, with a male NPC. While the text on that opening page identified the new character as male correctly, all of the pronouns where feminine, and the tooltip for the "Fight" button mentioned the October Succubus by name. The fight was perfectly fine, but the post-fight screen had male pronouns in the actual text and female pronouns in the tooltips. The sex scene was perfectly fine, but the post-sex screen also had male pronouns in the text and referred to the Succubus by name in the tooltips.
	
	Sex action buttons static
	
	It seems receiving anal isn't available in the missionary (on back) position, probably a bug.
	
	Also a dog-boy laughed at my female character's FFs claiming she was flat, which I guess is either a bug or him trying way too hard. He was the dominant partner, if that helps.
		It's been a while since I've played but characters say this for a male mc too and it's rather annoying and a turn off to have them laugh at my mc if he takes his shirt off :< (obviously my male mc is flat chested)
	
	Bug(?): Being cummed inside (dick to vagene, pc having the vagene) in a non-con submissive role leads me to a screen called "important status effect updates" where it says "you use your (clothing [for me: black thong]) to clean your groin, dirtying it in the process." Not sure if that's an intended feature or not.

A bug: In the same situation as above (non-con, submissive, dick to vagene, pc having the vagene), there's no chance on being impregnated despite being creampied. The "there's a chance to get pregnant" sentence is not present.

Another bug: The torso clothing (for me: black blouse) gets removed first before the over-torso clothing (for me: black women's leather jacket) in a sex scene.
	
	
	01.) Been around forever, but sucking your own tail takes your oral virginity. Intended?
02.) I feel like my arousal build-up is higher than it used to be. I'm running a shitton of fetishes, do they influence that?
04.) In doggy-style, doggy-style oral and face-to-wall, the receiver can still mess with their partner's clothes, which seems like an impressive feat of flexibility, especially in the doggy-style positions.
05.) When fingering a partner, they sometimes do the action for stopping themselves from masturbating, even though you're the one doing it. Said action doesn't stop anything though.
05.1) On a related note, when fingering yourself, "stop getting fingered" becomes available in the sex options, but equally does nothing. Only appears in positions you can be fingered in.
05.2) Another possibly related note: Doing dirty talk while fingering yourself gives you lines for being fingered by your partner instead. Happens in all positions, even if they can't even finger you.
05.3) And another one: Fingering yourself sometimes gives the partner dirty talk as if they're being penetrated or kissing, with "~Aah!~"s and "~Mmm~"s.
06.) Submissive partners frequently do blank actions, no text output from them. Arousal gains differ though, so they have to be doing something, which just doesn't get put out. Possibly related to 09? Maybe those are ongoing actions that somehow get immediately cancelled.
07.) Ongoing pace-changing actions are out of order. Looks something like this: gentle tail-peg, gentle fingering, rough fingering, tail-peg, clit focus, continue fingering, rough tail-peg, [...]
08.) Kissing as the domme sometimes gives you partner dirty talks like "A gasp escapes from between Cynthia's full lips, "Good girl! I love your lips!"", even though she is the sub here.
09.) Submissive partners aren't initiating any ongoing actions any more, even when allowed to.
10.) Lilaya (the only domme I've been testing on) only uses her dick on you, but does no kissing, fingering or tail-fucking. At least not on the PC, she still does it on herself.
13.) Lilaya, and potentially other dominant NPCs, cannot take your vaginal virginity while they are performing self-penetrative actions. Doesn't matter if you choose to ride her cock or she initiates it herself, you will stay a virgin. While she isn't doing anything else, you do lose your virginity as normal. Using your own tail always loses your virginity, regardless of her actions. Doing penetrative actions on yourself, then getting dicked while she does nothing to herself also loses your virginity as normal. Anal virginity is unaffected and always lost. Fetishes have no effect (suspected virginity fetish at first).
Subsequently, virgin birth becomes possible. You're now the Holy Mother.

Regarding not losing your virginity on Lilaya:
It seems to only happen when she penetrates her vagina with her own fingers or her own tail. Using my tail for it and/or having her finger her nipples and suck her tail while leaving her vagina alone, then hopping on her dick loses your virginity as normal.
	
	
	A few odd little bugs. The first two occur when I reload a save (I have tried two new characters and both do this every time). When I reload a save, I regain my penile virginity(!) and the bottom-left corner of the map becomes unexplored.

The third bug occurs when I go to the Export Character screen. If I try to delete an exported character, it instead takes me to the Save/Load screen.
	
	slaves: : It would be nice if there was a permission level right below "use you" something along the lines of "permission to beg". IE instead of permission to aggressively jump you in the hallway they have permission to submissively ask for sex
	
	Give the player some control over where NPCs cum, at least if they're the dominant partner. When I fuck an NPC with a dick in missionary, they keep cumming on me. I'd prefer to make them shoot it on their own stomach, chest, or face.

Bug Reports:

Tail-fucking and pegging are still unavailable in the oral positions.

The cells at (0,0), (0,1), and (1,0) are still being obscured on load.

When you strip an NPC during sex, revealing parts of them sometimes doesn't print a description of the part like it should. I'm guessing this is related to the bug where NPCs won't react to you stripping off.

When fucking Kate, there are two “Dirty talk" actions. Also, the buttons to permit/forbid clothing and self-actions aren't there.

When doing the quick transform with a succubus, the adjective for her breasts doesn't match up with what breasts of that size are normally called.

	
	Remotely chanigng NPC's clothing should reveal genitals
	
	Not sure if it's a bug or not, but my demon(incubus) slave tends to do whatever he can to get himself off without any act of penetration on my player during submissive sex. Did this a number of times and he only rarely ever put anything in my character's holes, only his own(namely tailfucking/sucking on his tail).

This one I'm more than certain is a bug. When I finally got that demon to fuck my PC(during the spitroasting scene) he took my PC's anal virginity but the game treated it as if he was taking his vaginal virginity. My character is not a vaginal virgin, and the information bubbles under my character's status supported that he was being fucked anally. The text was just wrong.

	
	Had a herm NPC fingering my ass, his ass, and his pussy all at once, while fucking my tits.

	Dirty clothing is not being saved, and every time I load the game it resets that I've discovered a characters ass/dick/pussy.
	
	I'm still seeing other characters' info like clothes and stats when I'm supposed to be seeing another character, and saving the game is progressing time by 5 minutes when I quicksave. Also, NPCs are not using their dicks for whatever reason - I've tried to do sex with males about ten times now and they'll do thigh sex but won't penetrate. I know I'm using the most recent version, 98.1.

	
	Another thing i noticed, though it may not be a bug (i think it is though, due to inconsitency and just not fitting the theme) is when you are preforming oral as the domminant character, you have the choice to "Request" either a creampie (which should just be a "Cum in my Mouth" type order) or "Request" Pullout (which also could be more of a order in this situation)
		So from the above you may notice my point, your the dominant in this scene, yet you act as a submissive. Also, aldo technicaly correct, i feel cumming in the mouth isnt the same as a creampie, but thats more of a matter of personal preferance i guess.

Also of note is that NPCs seem to disregard your command more often than not. I've lost count of the times I've told them to pull out and they haven't.
	
	Not sure if this is a bug, but when being split roasted and you have a slave NPC's dick in your pussy, and the other in your mouth they both have a chance to impregnate you when they cum.
	
	
	Suggestions:

When enchanting a TF potion, as well as showing the effect we have selected, also show what that stat is currently. When enchanting a potion with more than one or two effects, I keep having to examine myself (or my target - maybe show stats for NPCs in the current cell too?) to check, and that drops you out of enchanting, clearing current effects in the list. I end up literally writing a shopping list of TFs to remind myself what I need to hit my goal.

Show percentage somewhere on health bars. Since restore potions restore by percent, not by a fixed amount, knowing if I'll get the most out of one would be nice.

I posted this as a reply to an older post, but I'm not sure if you'll have seen it, so again:
The first time the sub tries to strip you, give you a couple of reaction options like with cumming; either to allow them, or stop them. This would be better than either them being able to get you half-undressed before you stop them, or magically knowing that you don't want them stripping you.


Bug Report:

When PC is dominated, NPC fingering PC's ass, the anal fingering self actions are available.

Still being dommed by same succubus, she spreads her ass open and presents herself to me. …While standing behind me fucking me in doggy. She seems to like doing this one, did it several times.

While I was getting fucked, + sucking my fingers, stroking my own cock was greyed out. It said my urethra was unavailable.

PC dominated by Brax, kneeling, sucking him, both cum at once, there are two options; “Stay in position", and “Cum on floor". “Cum on floor" works just fine, but “Stay in position" doesn't. Error log here.

XML saves still don't save whether or not PC has seen NPC genitals.

When getting a big… “Discount" from Ralph, the tooltip for “Take it" refers to your pussy even if you don't have one and he's using your ass.

Also when getting Ralph's discount, when a customer is at the counter, staying still and doing nothing increases his arousal just as much as teasing him. Also, it seems to be pretty much impossible in the new version to finish before he does.

In 69, a female getting licked blocks her from blowing a male on the bottom.



	Is there any chance that sometime in the future pregnancy could be changed a little so that your children would be a mix of you and your partner rather than half of the children looking just like the mother and half looking just like the father?

	Slave using you:
		If anything, I'd like to see a different final goodbye. If the characters loves me, a nice, loving kiss. If they hate my guts, the "that was fun" and patting works well.

	-Would it be possible for "spread ass"/"spread pussy", and similar actions of presenting bodyparts, to increase the likelihood of partners using that bodypart in their future actions?
	
	
	My character is not wearing anything in the over-torso slot, yet it still shows up as being dirty after having sex in a back alley
	
	
	There's inconsistency with when you can and can't save; many times, you can quicksave, or overwrite an existing save, but you can't create a new save because you aren't in a tile's default scene. If you aren't supposed to be able to save here, all saves should be disabled. If, as was the case previously, we should be able to save between beating an NPC and fucking them (for example), the new save button needs fixing.

When domming an NPC in doggy, the hotdogging actions rely on your butt being free, not theirs.

Domming an NPC in doggy; they finger their ass, this shows three “Anal Fingering" actions, which have in the tooltip description “finger their ass", but requirements for your ass being free.

The “Last Save" on the initial screen doesn't reflect the actual save files, if you've moved or deleted the one the game thinks was last, it will show wrong. This could be fixed by checking the save file with the most recent timestamp, although given how long it takes to load a file this might not work too well; you'd need to profile a load to see if it's parsing the XML or creating the gameworld that is expensive before deciding, I think.

If playing with a clean install (no properties.xml), when you start your first game you get the “Demon" and “Cat-morph" encyclopedia entries as soon as you first encounter Lilith. I'd argue that since you don't actually see her, you shouldn't get the demon entry until you meet Lilaya. You certainly shouldn't get the Cat-morph entry that early, and even after you do meet that first cat-morph (it would be interesting to run into her again later, btw), you don't get the encyclopedia entry for her horse-morph friends.
	
	
	
	Simple but great addition would be to check if we have same version of java as you did while working on the jar & warn us if we don't (same place we see our java ver.) Bold warning with correct ver written will save a lot of trouble in the future...
	

“Shifting aside" makes sense for panties, but seems less fitting for boxers. I would expect those to have similar displacement options to trousers, such as “unbutton" and “pull down".

When raping an NPC who isn't into your gender, it seems way too hard to make them cum. This may be related to the general sex bugs; the effects in the sidebar show two sets of “+your arousal", rather than one for each partner, but I remember it being a real chore to get an unwilling partner off in previous versions too. Hopefully when you split physical stimulation off from mental arousal, this will work out better.

There are presently technical issues preventing saving during combat or sex; would these also disallow loading the game during these? I often find I want to do that, for various reasons.
	
	
	
	During sex random NPCs use your name and gender, for example when being creampied.
	
	Incest options: Off | Encounters | Full
	
	I will change the description to say 0-length penises are "less than an inch". ^^

	I also need to add in more transformations for the forced TF encounters.
	
	Add text to the Save/load icons
	
	 allow you to define all three names in city hall (for those who like the idea of their name dynamically changing).
	
	Add trib
	riding cowgirl just allowed for the dominant partner
	
	so if you import a char as a slave they wont be attracted to you no matter what if they dont has the incest fetish
	
	
	Lilaya & Kate: I'm also hoping that soon using any of the “Rough" actions will switch the pace to rough, like they do in most scenes.
	
	The action buttons in sex scenes are all jumbled up now.
	
	
	
	
	finish the lust+stamina mechanics in sex
	Sex preferences/Fetish rework
	improving the fetishes/sex experience
	Fetish levels and experience
	Fetishes should boost in power based on experience level
	
	Corruption - fetish bypasses
	Stamina - drained by actions (minor) and orgasms (major). If falls to 0, can't continue/exhausted.
	Lust - gained by actions character likes. Drained by actions character doesn't like. Determines pace.
		Player actions now increase/decrease lust instead of setting pace immediately
	Lust should not determine pace. Instead, it should lock out the opposite extremes. So at minimum, can't use eager stuff.
	
	Sex starts:
	- Each character has a starting lust, based on other character's attraction
	- Sex continues as normal, with each action affecting lust, arousal, & stamina
		- If arousal >= 100 AND PHYSICAL STIMULATION ON EROGONOUS ZONE, orgasm
		- If stamina drops to 0, that character stops (or if sub, is too exhausted to make a move)
		- Set pace to corresponding lust pace
	- Sex stops once doms all run out of stamina, or if NPC dom achieves objectives.
	
	Sex experience (determines arousal gain)
		Fetish boosts xp and lust gains for those actions
		'Turn-off' makes you lose lust when subjected to those actions
		
		
	
	make sex actions specific to slot
	Need to define available sex actions as dependent on which SexSlot it's targeting.
	
	
	
	Add in orifice modifier descriptions
	
	Go through sex managers and convert orgasms
	Add Brax's insemination orgasm
	Add in cum-eating sex actions (eating out pussy, ass, or nipples)
	
	
	
	Add forced TF to offer body
	
	
	
	- NPC refering to your MC's tail, while it is his own tail (and you dont even have a tail)
	so in the first scene with Lilaya, before I've even been outside the house, she uses dialogue and sex action about my tail...that I don't have
		"Oh yes, your tail feels so good" (It was her tail)
		on further inspection she's saying "yes get your tail in there" but the immediate line before it references HER tail being used
			she also said the same about my fingers despite HER fingers being use
	I teased lilaya's tail and it says 'Lilaya's juices quickly lubricate your tail.
	I had a demon (Kate) fellating her own tail. Her comments suggested she thought it was my tail ("I love your tail!"). I am also having great difficulty in having sex with Kate, although it is not as impossible as it was prior to the hotfix. She is too busy masturbating and even if I stop her she immediately does it again. In 1.97, the moment you exposed your dick she was onto it; now it takes some effort and repeated stop self action commands.
	
	 Getting your anal virginity taken with lusty maiden triggers the loss of your vaginal virginity text, supposedly giving you the broken maiden status, but it doesn't.
	 
	 
	cami top off from under my hoodie
	Lilaya displaced my fishnet top before displacing my zipped-up leather jacket.
	
	add dirty slot tooltips
	
	add selfie dirty descriptions
	
	Ride her cock: also if i'm facing the wall, my hips should buck backwards not forwards, yes
	
	can i please disable rimming
	
	i really wish characters would like... actually have sex with you, instead of just fuckign themselves in front of you
		like i just got the witch's chapel thing for the first time, pulls out her dick like she wantsta rape me and she's just tailfuckign herself for orgasm after orgasm
	
	NPCs should only spread pussy/ass if they want it used
	
	 I was the submissive partner having sex with a hermaphrodite character. I was eating her pussy when she put her cock in my mouth. At this point, I was both eating her pussy and sucking her cosk at the same time... somehow.
	
	In sex, removed all clothing, they have no penetrations, in a fuckable position, still have no options. In my game just to cut down on finding the right people to be slaves I just set everything to have all sets with anyone without both just not existing unless I make them myself. 
	So im in sex, them in a fuckable position, got nowhere to stick it, so I go to the clothing, its all displaced, but lets just remove it to be sure, still got no place to stick it, look at them, they have a cock, pussy, and its currently wet, no where to stick it, end all penetrations, still no where to stick it. 
	an 'investigate' option in sex when you are dominant would be nice, you just stick your hand down and feel around, but observant says in game you will know their sex, so that could be a thing that was just not utilized till now, and if that's not the case, xray glasses would be nice just to make it always show.
	
	
	
	add the option for a bigger map
	
	NPCs with the “TF Test Subject" fetish object to being fed potions (during sex). I'm guessing they're not supposed to.
	
	
	
	Resisting -> hesitant -> apathetic -> willing -> eager
	
	there was a glitch about the mystery kink being used twice when using mid-sex with a succubus.
		
		
	'Forced' TF could probably use a little tweaking, as at present it is too hard to trigger and takes forever to achieve anything.
		Firstly, I use 'forced' as you not only have to enable it in options, but still get the option whether or not you want to drink the potion. This choice seems superfluous. If you enabled forced TF, you should probably drink automatically (you literally asked to be forcibly transformed!); if you did not, you obviously should spit automatically.
		Secondly, it is hard to trigger. At present, the only way to trigger a scene is to lose to an NPC with the Transformer Fetish. While you can make the fetish more common in options, combat is trivial to win. The future combat rework may resolve this issue, but perhaps other scenarios where forced TF occurs could be considered for future content? For example, choosing Submit (rather than Attack) with a Transformer Fetish NPC results in the scene immediately triggering, perhaps certain quests could be resolved by submitting to a forced TF as an alternative (eg similar to how Brax can be fought *or* tricked by Observant PCs), maybe magical traps the player could walk into. Ooh, an NPC with the combination of addictive body fluids and Transformer Fetish could expect you to accept their TF before they let you satisfy your addiction! Having alternative ways to be forcibly TFed like this would also alleviate the difficulty of actually encountering the scene.
		The third issue is that it takes a *lot* of repeated visits for random NPCs to transform you, and if you have conflicting priories between multiple NPCs you end up in a limbo state where each merely undoes what the last had done (eg one give you +1 ass size, the next gives you -1 ass size, then the first goes back to +1 ass size and nothing ever really changes much). Perhaps they could get a bit of a buff to their potions? If they want to make you a specific gender/body type, a single potion to do this rather than the current five or six it seems to be? If they want to change your race, perhaps one dose to get all the partial morphs, a second for all lesser morphs and a third for all greater morphs (options permitting, of cause)? If it takes less potions to change you, they having competing priorities would be less of a problem.
		
		
		
		
	
	Dunno if this has been said before but you can use "stay in position" in the repeat actions to just force everyone to keep cumming
It was actually quite amusing, I got to grind out 8 condoms super quick
[22:59] Cherry Cumslut: Also I hadn't really looked into it but when I was having sex with Lilaya I stopped being able to interact with her dick after a certain point
	
	
	main cause of the save game bloat seems to be the records of every sexual encounter.
	
	
	 none of my slaves with the non-con fetish are actually acting on said fetish, if that makes sense? None of them put up a struggle or anything [but player can struggle and resist just fine.] 
	 
	 "it's with brax and characted import . i jumped to i lose scenario. so i can't do the other route. i just can't seem to 1st fight him"
	
	-in lilaya's geisha scene with me dominant, she started paizuri but it didn't post any of the normal pink text for an ongoing action.
-she started fingering her nipples, and when i stopped her, she started again the same turn. and same thing again later with her tail.
-and when i got into doggy style she won't stop sticking me in somewhere. if she doesn't want me to get her pregnant, she should stop putting me right back in her pussy every single time i pull out.
-can we please get prohibiting actions in the dominant scene? constantly fighting her makes it take way longer than it should.
-doing the scene again, because she came and made it end before i intended, when she starts kissing me, "stop penetrations" does nothing but waste a turn. it does not post text, it does not stop the kissing, nothing.
-at the start, she started making out with me, and it says her saliva lubes my mouth, and mine lubes her tongue. when she sucked on my dick or her tail, they were lubed with her saliva, but not mine. liquid wierdness?
-and sticking something lubed with my saliva in her mouth lubes her mouth, after the kissing.
-ok, another bug with lilaya chair sex, with me standing and fucking her, it said "With a little moan, Lilaya starts rhythmically bucking her hips back against you, helping you to fill her dry with your large cock as she smiles up at you."
	
	
	AI in sex, so I'll make sure to tweak their preferences for performing self-actions
		Is it supposed to be that Vaginal and anal sex never happens when you get defeated by a man? I've been several times and it either ends up in a blowjob or they just use their fingers.
		my slaves insist on doggystyling the PC at first when I choose to be sub (and they don't even have dicks)
		
		I've encountered some rather buggy NPC behavior. Playing as a female character wearing a chastity belt, and during submissive sex scenes the NPCs are extremely reluctant to initiate anal sex. They usually just do some foreplay in the starting position; then transition to the Kneeling position and just stay there, not really doing anything but occasional anal fingering until they get off and end the scene.
			It even happened once in the Witch's Chapel 'offer ass' scene, where the witch wouldn't do anything but fingering to my character.

		I often have situations like that, even without a chastity belt. Demons seem to be the worst offenders, as they have so many sexual orifices that they get confused. Other NPCs may spend every turn putting fingers in or taking them out like they are doing the Hokey Pokey, but never getting down to actual sex.
			Another good example is Amber. The scene with her is all about her fucking you, but she only does it about 50% of the time in my experience, the rest of the time you just sit there looking back as she masturbates behind you. On the other hand, the new scene with Vicki has never bombed in my experience. She always gets straight down to business.
		
	
	
	
	Found some bugs. So every time I have my character sex with an NPC, random encounter, or a slave. They always do the 'pullout' option, and there was no neither option to request they stay in or pullout. At first I thought is was because I used the cheat code, but I reinstalled the game and did a default play through, and it still happened. Also during sex the NPC's don't talk outside of the default 'dirty talk', or when you tease them (to clarify, when dominated by an NPC and you, or they, remove/displace clothing that reveal breasts or penis they usually comment on the size).
	
	Bugs found:
-you can't choose the starting month at all when starting with an imported character
--may also be a bug with sexuality, but that may just be me having chosen wrong when first making the character. maybe add a sexuality switch to the debug menu?

-when i was in my room at the start, i had major problems with the inventory, sometimes when clicking on or possibly hovering over equipped items, i got kicked out of the inventory screen. i'm reasonable certain this wasn't a mistake on my end, but i have no clue what could be causing it.

-when i was with lilaya, i swapped positions, but several of the options from sitting down were still there, even if there were standing up versions, including:
--2 "kiss" actions, one saying "lean forwards" one "lean down",
--2 "dirty talk", one corruptive, one not, and both "submissive" and "rough" talks, the latter being corruptive
--the "pull onto cock", "bounce in lap", and "rough bouncing" actions,
--2 "kiss nipples", 2 "feel breasts", and 2 "pinch nipples", one of the last corruptive due to not being effected by "breast lover"
--2 "stop riding" actions, one without a tooltip, though it later changed to 1 "stop riding" and 1 "stop penetration", when she put her tail in her nipple
-also, a few of lilaya's actions were still acting as if she was riding me, one dirty talk for example said: "You look up into Lilaya's demonic eyes as she speaks down to you,"

-also, when i went to the second page of actions for one sex tab, then switched to a different tab, i was still on the second page, despite there not being any actions for that page in the new tab.

-after you beat someone, there's a choice about what sex pace you want to start at, but it doesn't seem to effect toe current system, as i chose rough and it started at normal with 50 lust.

-dominant doggy style still has the other person taking actions that don't print any text, when there's no ongoing action.

-i just noticed that when you hover over your name in sex, while it gives the proper descriptions, the name in the popup for me is "man". is it supposed to use the gander term rather than the name?

-i seem to remember some discussion about a "dirty talker" fetish and making the "strengthened aura" buff not renew while it's still active. did you decide against those, or did they just get pushed down the list?
-similarly, probably been mentioned already, but thigh sex still has no associated fetish.

-maybe add a single-turn action to briefly finger your and/or someone else's anus with your lubricated fingers? doesn't matter what they're lubed with, saliva, pre, fem-pre.
-could also do the same with some of the breast and pussy rubbing actions.
-maybe also single-turn and ongoing actions for putting your fingers in their mouth? similar to the lubricate and suck fingers self actions?
-also, making these and the existing lubricate fingers repeatable might be nice(maybe rename it "lick fingers"), some people might like being able to stick their fingers in their parter then licking the fluids on their fingers.

	
When neither partner is doing anything, dirty talk is something like “I'll be gentle" or “I'm going to fuck you senseless", depending on pace. Maybe if the scene has been going on long enough for one of you to cum, there should be other lines, like “Did you like that, you little slut?" or “Good girl, I enjoyed that!"

While I'm thinking about dirty talk, there's a noticable difference in tone between the rough talk when you're doing something to them, and the rough talk when you're making them do something to you.
The former are basically all variants on “You're enjoying that, aren't you slut?", while the latter has both that and a number of lines telling them how worthless they are, or how they're no good at what they're doing. Maybe those should only appear if you have a fetish for that kind of thing?

It might be nice to be able to change the pace of a scene without having to already be doing anything.

Some positions should probably have limits on clothing displacement. If I'm pinning someone face-first against a wall, or face down on the floor, they're probably going to have a hard time undressing me.
	
	
	Wouldn't "Broken virgin" also give positive points in the stocks since they're desperate for sex?
	
	got a problem, when trying to examine slaves, I get stuck with seeing slaves that aren't the one I am looking at. I can work around to see them, but its annoying none the less.
	
	
	
	demons should be able to control their pubic and body hair colors
	
	
	there is still no pussy penetrate option for me sometimes. anal yes,but pussy most often not.
	
	Also during the 3some, perhaps add an option to hide the fetish icons/remove them from the UI since I've derped around with 28x3 fetishes on all 3 characters and it causes a massive lag spike on the engine. 
		
	Suggestion: For the encyclopedia, having items' descriptions somewhere would be nice, maybe when mouse-hovering over the name? Also in the encyclopedia, having consumable items' icons show somewhere on mouse hover, like in the weapons and clothing categories, would also be nice.
	
	
	URETHRAL PENETRATION
	
	
	
	
	Suggestions:

I'm not so keen on how the equipped icons are now even smaller than they were before.
 It wouldn't be so bad if there was a nice big picture of each item in its tooltip.
  You could also enlarge that panel quite a bit; there's a lot of empty space around it, after all.
   The layout also seems poorer than it was previously; before, clothing was largely arranged from head to foot vertically, and from outer to inner horizontally. Now, it just seems more random.

The default for dominant scenes used to be that the sub couldn't touch your clothes unless you told them they could.
 Now this has changed to being permitted by default. One isn't inherently better than the other, but having gotten used to the old way, I keep forgetting to do so.
  Maybe adding something on the UI to indicate these permissions would help remind us that we need to manually forbid each time? Maybe even an option to choose the default, so we don't have to explicitly say it each time?

I'm hoping that part of the sex re-work will be changing it so the submissive partner can no longer push the dominant away when they (the submissive) cum.

Allow us to use more than just letters and numbers for save names. I can't see any point to that restriction. Unicode would be ideal, but even the full set of printable ASCII would be better than it is now. (Less characters banned from filenames, of course)

Bug Reports:

There are a bunch of warnings (five) in the log about how “An instance of AbstractItem was unable to be imported". I'm not noticing anything missing from anyone's inventory, but five out of hundreds of items in the world would be easy to miss.

	
	Clothing removal - Before your chemise is able to be removed, Chemise and Dress coat need to be removed.
*This will repeat forever, unless I remove the dress coat myself (which is already unbuttoned) I think it only happens when the NPC is targeting your character's breasts, but don't quote me.
	
	
	Having a penis-item equipped should be indication of your character's gender.
	 Meaning that say, a trap wears a chastity cage, if their groin is exposed, then you shouldn't have to unjinx and take off your chastity belt for NPCs to realize you're a trap.
	
	
	you should have two statuses, at least, for pure virgins who lose it
		One where they see themselves as worthless fuckmeat
		That would be what happens if they actually start having second thoughts during the sex scene and it isn't somehow negated
		The other one would be something like 'virgin unleashed' where they revel in it
		"I kept myself pure when I could have been doing this? I'm going to make up for lost time."
		Which would have a heavy corruption boost, but they'd gain a significant bonus to seduction, sexuality, stamina, etc.
	
	
	
	I'll go through and check to make sure that it's correctly respecting your content preferences for the next release (i.e. if you have non-con turned off, they should always respect your requests)
	
	"Stop partner" doesn't do anything seemingly anywhere it's available. In fact, you just end up skipping your turn and your partner performs actions twice to make up for it.
		[I'll make it so that the NPC is blocked from starting any ongoing action on the turn immediately after you get them to stop.]
	
	I kept playing the game to see if it was a fluke, the game won't let me click the beg for pullout, but when I just click inventory, the phone until my arousal becomes high, I become able to click beg to cum inside.
	
	when you highlight text and proceed with an action, the came refuses to accept mouse input, hotkeys and arrow navigation still work though (this means you cannot save, apart from autosaves since you can't click the buttons)
	
	If you try to add too many slaves to the public use profession (it doesn't actually let you bypass the cap), it'll prevent you from entering the room in the Slaver District until you take one slave away from the profession.
	
	I'm wearing boyshorts and a chemise. I got anal creampied, the chemise gets dirty, not boyshorts. Changed into another chemise, it got dirty again.
	
	add dominant/submissive fetishes to degrading actions
	
	add the transformation mechanic to the 'Offer body' option
	
	is time supposed to pass when you open your phone and/or bag

	adding a derived fetish for the two non-con fetishes
	
	would it be possible to be able to add your offspring to the cell you're standing in via buggy
	
	 a request to be able to access a slave's inventory when you interact with them
	
	Suggestions:

		Maybe the “Anal Fingering" action should have the “Masturbation" fetish applied to it?
		
		It might be a good idea to block NPCs from doing the “spread pussy/ass" action if you're already fucking them.
		
		There really should be a way to access a slave's inventory while talking to them.
		
		It would be good if, during sex scenes, it remembered which tab you're on when an orgasm reaction comes up; as of now, you get switched to the “Misc. Actions" tab, rather than back to the one you were on.
		
		It might be an idea for finger sucking (and tail sucking for demons) to be limited to those with the “Oral Performer" fetish. Quickly getting them wet is one thing, but keeping on sucking them is kind of weird, unless it's a stand in for some other kind of sucking they'd rather be doing.
		
		If a wandering NPC is addicted to you, maybe their encounter rate should go up as they go into withdrawal? I mean, they should be actively seeking you out, right?
		
		Currently, when you leave a wandering NPC, they get brand new clothing for six of their slots (less the bra if they have no breasts). Presently, they always seem to get this, but maybe they sometimes shouldn't. It might be nice if NPCs didn't always bother with underwear, or for some items of underwear, they don't really need anything on top - the bikini and croptop spring to mind here, and I've used the boyshorts as a stand-in for athletic wear before too. Exhibitionist NPCs might not bother with anything, going topless or even full nude.
		
		Bug Reports:
		
		The introduction for prostitutes refers to slutty clothes and heavy makeup, but as far as I can see they actually wear pretty much the same outfits as any other NPC, and don't necessarily wear makeup either (and males don't seem to ever wear makeup without the crossdressing fetish).
		
		In character descriptions, “dark grey" text appears as red.
		
		I went to the slavery screen, opened a slave's inventory, then clicked on their name at the top-right to examine them. What I got was not them, but the last NPC I examined out in the city.
		
		During a sex scene, on the NPC's turn, instead of them taking an action it played out that I was spreading my ass out for them.
		
		
	Suggestion:

This first one was written before I read this post, so it might be obsolete given the upcoming changes; I'm going to post it anyway because it might still be useful.
NPCs always seem to end sex scenes as soon as each participant has had at least one orgasm (or sometimes if they have had one orgasm for rape scenes). It would be cool if, instead, they would want to end it after they'd had as many orgasms as they want, based on something like a “sex appetite" stat. This would vary from NPC to NPC (demons would obviously have a very high one). This could also link up with the orgasm control stuff we talked about before; when an NPC reaches their orgasm limit, they'd try to end the scene, depending on factors (they might not if they had lost combat, or had the forced orgasm or submissive fetishes, for example).
This would also add depth to the post-sex scene, which at the moment is typically a binary satisfied/unsatisfied thing. You could have several varieties, from totally unsatisfied, through partially sated, totally satisfied, then a couple of overstimulated levels of panting and gasping exhaustion, depending on the ratio of orgasms to orgasm limit. One side-effect of this would be that player-submissive scenes could get very long if, for example, you lost a fight with a demon; one possible fix would be to have the PC pass out and wake up later, skipping the scene so you don't have to watch the NPC fuck you to several dozen orgasms or whatever. Another could be a sensitivity stat so demons might come really quickly, reducing the time to rack up a high orgasm count.

There perhaps should be a lesser version of the “Exposed" statuses for when a character's underwear is exposed, but not their body. This probably shouldn't have it's own fetish, simply being covered by the exhibitionist fetish. Too many more fetishes will make the screen unwieldy, and require them to be categorised in some way. This would of course require clothing items to be flagged as being underwear or outerwear, since as I've previously observed, it isn't reliable to do it by clothing slot.

The feminine watch is really restricted in available colours. I can't see why it shouldn't have the same colour palette as any other item of clothing. Similarly, jewelry could easily be any of the regular colours as well as the metallic ones.

Bug Reports:

I recently commented on how NPCs might sometimes not fill all clothing slots, and how some underwears could really pass as outerwear. A counterpart to that is that, even when filling all slots, NPCs often end up not covering up fully. I've often seen NPCs spawning with the crotchless and cupless underwears in conjunction with a microskirt or fishnet top. This seems to be the norm for exhibitionists, but it happens with NPCs without the exhibitionist fetish too.

When you use Arthur's hypno-watch on someone, it says they are now “command_unknown".
	
	Lost virginity to an Incubus and the broken virgin fetish lines were referring to the Incubus as "she" and "her".
	
	Patreon icons
	
	move all of the slave management stuff to your phone
	
	
	Finish Arthur side quest to use slaves as test subjects
	Also add watch use descriptions
	
	
	: BUG: So when I'm letting the other party dom, let's say it's a girl. A girl making my character pound into her doggy-style.
	 There is this irritating tendency for them, RIGHT when the arousal gauges are a hair away from climax, to suddenly switch into another position.
	  Suddenly, she's pinning him down cowgirl, BUT: that switch in position pulled him out of her, and that was the turn his arousal hit 100.
	   Because she switched positions RIGHT THEN, even though both partners want him to cum inside, he's technically not inside when he cums, so he can't.
	
	also, i noticed that after i started a new game from regular play, when i was customizing my character (masculinity, body type, orientation, etc) instead of my new characters name, it said the name of a demon slave i had who i had customized with the demon transform menu. just wanted to let you know i somehow broke your game like that. 
	
	I just find it a little offsetting that anything but jerking off makes you lose penile virginity. Hotdogging and getting a titty shouldn't do that, maybe.
	
	Importing characters as slaves needs to reset pregnancies and sex stats
	
	move the slave management overview to the player's phone
	
	[blocks & requires access same for both clothing is causing this]
	more chemise problems: when wearing both a chemise and pantyhose (SOCK_TIGHTS), the AI gets stuck in a loop trying to decide which they need to pull up/down first, causing the game to softlock
	
	
	got a bug when i was changing what my slave calls me i accidentally pressed enter when the box was empty and the whole middle section disappear, and i couldn't do any thing else expect close the game. 
		I tried to reproduce it and it's quite easy to redo just press enter when the text box for "what she calls you?" is empty. The slave in question is scarlett
	
	If possible a quick 'set all' in the slave permissions tab like there is with what they call you would be greatly appreciated.
	
	also have a couple small bugs in the importer:
	-while the clothing stats now carry over properly and no longer cause negatives when removed, i wound up getting that bug from a chaos feather i had that had +3 Int.
	-second, and extremely minor, i found that importing a character and skipping the prologue does not give you the crystal or money you get for going through the prologue. granted, if you're importing a character, you probably don't need it, but it's still a little bit annoying to my ingrained rpg "get all the things" instincts. :P
	
	Add skip sex button
	
	removing and adding penis doesn't work for penile virginity
	
	[use colour]
	'horse-like' and 'squirrel-like' et al really aren't sexy eye descriptors
	
	you can tell that giving harpies beaks isn't fully supported yet. Kissing: 'you slide your tongue past her full lips'
	
	And now here's an odd one:
		If you have enchanted (green/blue, doesn't matter) panties (also doesn't matter which exactly, anything in the groin slot apart from the groinless options) and an unenchanted pantyhose, and then get creampied-ass or vagina, doesn't matter-then your pantyhose gets dirtied, not your panties. If the pantyhose is enchanted as well or if the pantyhose is enchanted and the panties are unenchanted, it works normally and dirties the panties.
		And in that same vein: If you have an enchanted pantyhose and any-enchanted or unenchanted-onepiece bodysuit or swimsuit, then getting creampied dirties the onepiece, even though it's supposed to go over the pantyhose. All other enchantment configurations seem to work normally.
	
	[old tooltip bug]
	I can't add any points in my skill tree that is on the right side. i.e, i can't get runner, flirty, barren etc, but i can get arcane power.
	
	
	There seems to be a memory leak every time you load a save. The RAM usage just keeps piling up until the game slows to a crawl. Takes a while to become noticeable, and probably varies from machine to machine.
	Using the .jar version here with an old-ish version of Java, 1.8.0_131.
	
	Check NPC generatePotion
		won't make your balls any bigger in successive encounters. So if they give you a cock and balls, your stuck with tiny balls unless you use a potion to make them bigger
		Forgot to mention they also won't grow your nipples/areola, change your muscles/body size, change your hair color and makeup, change your tongue length, or give you modifiers such as puffy anything(nips, vag, anus, urethra). I'm not sure if these just haven't been implemented yet but I think they should be at some point.
	[fixed, but needs more work]
	There's still a bug with Forced TF that only changes your genitalia to be male or female. Also, Transformation Test Subject only gives one TF instead of 3.
	Also, I had a cat boy who tried to turn me into a harpy-girl, but kept on using human TF potions on my human character. That was in the pre-hotfix version, tho. Not sure if it's still there, but I don't see anything in the changelog about that.
	
	
	Slaves assigned to cooking duty have reduced impact from negative obedience compared to the other jobs. (0.05* Obedience) as opposed to (0.1* Obedience) like with maid duty and librarian duty. 
		(If anything since they're being trusted to prepare food it seems like being trust worthy/ having high obedience would be even more important. Cause a slave that handles your food is in a prime position to do unsavory things to it. They probably can't poison you cause of the slave collar but it probably doesnt stop them from doing things like spitting in your food eh?)
	
	if you encounter a halloween succubus and a reindeer on the same tile the succubus will get the reindeer's name
	
	Plantigrade, Digitigrade, Unguligrade as leg TF
	
	alleyway demons do not appear to have behavior for inducing transformations, period

	2) "Fixed forced TF bug (where all NPCs would keep giving you human penis or vagina parts even if they wanted to turn you into something else)."
		This one seems to still be around, unfortunately. Unless it's tied to me keeping my preferences file from the 0.1.95.
		The workaround seems to be to give yourself the right genitals (species and sex) for what the NPC was trying to turn you into, at which point they'll start TFing you again.
	 Sorry to report, but the forced transformation bug with human parts is still happening.
	
	I seem to be having a lot of trouble getting dominant buttsluts to ever initiate anal. You would expect a buttslut, in the absence of other fetishes to take precedence, to want cock up their butt... but nope, they keep picking thigh sex.
	
	: i made a potion that adds 5 fitness and when i drank it the message appeared twice. It still only added 5+ and not 10+
	
	double dildo, strap ons and tribbing/scissors
	
	using tail to grope breasts
	
	Speaking of which, Innoxia, if you're reading this, it seems there's a bug with the incest fetish. If one of your offspring doesn't have it and you force it on them with the kink potion, they don't seem to be willing to fuck afterwards. The game will still cite their purely familial love and won't be attracted to you.

	creating a new generic system for Body Part TFs based on Body Part + race
	like dogs having the option of either pointy or lopped ears

	: i was checking a item i found in a alleyway and when i backed out to continue moving i got the post-sex sence from dom'ing Brax dispite me being outside the police station.
	
	ok, two weird stuff: first, everytime i entered brax's fight, he said that candi gave me the pass again, even in the first time. Secondly, and this is more complex, i tried to brew a potion of submissiveness right after DIANA, the dominant harpy offers herself. Once back in the main story menu, it told me BRITTANY was worn out from sex and to go back to BRITTANY'S place, and lo and behold, the info in that section was the one of brittany instead of diana's. I had to move over the original brittany's place to get it back right.
	WOW, First Brax is not talking just about you, candy has a habit of giving out passes. As for the sexond one I am completely lost how that happened
	
	: Got a bug, i was in the arcade checking Nyan's specials menu then i clicked on section under her name to check her appearance and instead i got the apperance of my imported slave
	
	FINISH NEW KATE MENU & USE FOR SLAVE CUSTOMISATION
	Slave customisation
	able to change our tongue color
	
	Slave action inspect should give an affection gain if slave has exhibitionist fetish
	
	have big red text in the main menu if the java version being used is different from what the game was coded for
	
	It's kinda odd to see sub slaves forcing themselves on you when they have the "Use You" permission enabled. I believe it would be more realistic if they meekly ask you for sex, giving you options to be dominant or submissive partner or simply dismiss them.
	
	Thighfucking in the doggy style position, the 'cum on back' option was available. And I guess it reused the text from other things, because it mentions pulling out of a hole. ...Not really accurate for thighfucking.
	
	thigh sex NPCs will incessantly do it
	I get issues with constant tail and thigh sex
		[remake sex AI: assign weights to each action. Actions performed can alter weights.]
	
	also, with the changes to orgasms I had 96 arousal but when brax was the dominant partner I ended up not orgasming at all (The problem is that arousal that high should have triggered a simultanious orgasm)
	
	
	One crash to a previous scene after taking Lilanya's goggles from her lab. Exiting inventory, I was forced to an earlier fight, which then skipped to another sex scene. But the auto-save just before picking up the glasses was solid.
	NPCs on the street waste potions on you that won't work or don't give further TF. They should probably recognize that they're wasting +vagina potions on girls? Getting Furry TFs seems really hard to get to activate. (Which isn't bad, but waste potions is disappointing ^-^
	Only nitpick I'd have is that NPCs and locations are hard to track on the map. A mouse-over that listed unique location titles and who's there would make it; and pathing, please, I know it's hard... But it'd make moving around alot easier.
	
	Another weird thing: I used Diana's Perfume and got the transformation, and it said my natural feather color was 'black'. But then it reverted to 'red' when I took a selfie. It may be because I set my body color to red but shouldn't it have shown me that in the transformation text?
	
	
	Suggestions:

	Presently, some hairstyles have a minimum hair length. Maybe some hairstyles should have a maximum length, too? I'm imagining someone with hair down to their knees trying to style it in a mohawk or afro. I'm no stylist, but that doesn't seem possible.
	
	Make spanking someone reduce their arousal if they don't have the Masochist fetish.
	
	Bug Report:
	
	The thigh high boots and the heart necklace are darker than other items of clothing.
	
	NPC's hair seems wrong. Examining one, she has 43″ hair, which should be “incredibly long", but her description just lists it as “long".
	
	
	
	
	Are NPCs supposed to spawn with snowflake jewelry out of season? Playing a save still in October, and NPCs are spawning with them.

Vicky sells essences, but won't buy them. Ralph doesn't sell them, but will buy them from you. This is probably wrong.

Most potions are named in the style of “Canine elixir of <whatever>", or something similar. However, reindeer potions are simply named “Elixir of <whatever>".

The demon transform menu is a bit inconsistent if you're only part demon:
If your arms or legs aren't demonic, you can't edit them at all (and if they are, you can't change them to anything else - what is that section even for?);
If your eyes aren't demonic, you're permitted to edit what your eyes would be if they were demonic, but this doesn't affect your actual, non-demonic eyes;
For the rest of your body, you seem to be able to edit it freely even if it's still human (or one of the furry types).

If you start a new game while in an existing one, any characters in the current cell get added to the new game's contact list.

I met a brand new NPC in cell (0,0) and immediately knew the details of her cock and ass, before getting her naked. This is an update, I reported a similar case before and suggested it might be related to an import error, but this time was in a new game started in version 1.96.1, so not an import error.

Given how long the demon tail is described as being, you should really be able to tail-fuck or tail-peg a partner from any position, but some of them don't allow you to. Seems to be the oral positions (doggy, kneeling, and 69) that are missing it.

The “Tease Clit" action disappears when you start fucking someone.

When you drink a stat boost potion (as opposed to a TF potion), the list of effects is printed out twice.

I'm guessing this one is a “WONTFIX", but for completeness sake: When you start a new game with an imported character, in the intro sequence in the street, the catgirl says “He's human" even if you aren't. Even if you're a full demon, they don't react, and Lilaya still finds it surprising that you aren't affected by the storm.
	
	
	Tail and horn rings. These items go in the tail and horn slots, respectively, and are essentially rings that fit (or clasp around) on tails and horns.
	
	
	If you finish with your character then go to the clothes section after.
		Supposing you gave your character piercings for their ears.
		Then you press the back option, and then enter the clothes selection again.
		You will see an extra pair of earrings in the inventory to the right.
		Its a repeatable bug that doesnt affect the game after you start, but i thought you would want to know?
		It may increase memory usage or something for all i know.
	
	jobs & repeatable side quests
	
	add a male virginity fetish, along with some NPCs spawning in with penile virginity
	
	While I'm at it, NPCs don't seem to have any kind of preference for body weight - would be nice if they did and adjusted body weight to suit their tastes when force TFing you. :)
	
	
	During an arcane storm, people are sex-crazed in the streets with appropriate dialogue and you only get the 'Fight' option when you encounter them. If you head into the alleys, however, they are seemingly unaffected. The dialogue is the same as when the weather is clear and you get the regular Fight/Offer Money/Offer Body options, or meet prostitutes who likewise ply their trade as usual. Shouldn't people in the alleys be behaving identical to those in the streets?
	
	I'll add a way to reset each of the reindeer overseers (for if you don't like their generated fetishes). :3

I'll try and add in some way to deal with the overcrowding of Dominion's squares at some point.

I did consider adding ethnicities when I was first making the game, but decided to leave it up to the player's imagination. However, it would be valuable in making pre-set skin/hair/eye colours for randomly generated NPCs, as well as for helping to describe some of the races I have planned, so I might add ethnicity at some point. :3

I'll also add a way to change NPC's sexuality soon, as that seems to be a heavily-requested feature. :3
	
	add the "self-insemination" action to sex scenes soon (the one that used to be present in Brax's sex scene), so I'll get virgins with pregnancy/broodmother fetishes to use that
	
	Slaves without the “Exhibitionist" fetish should probably lose affection if you make them go naked.
	
	Likewise, alley encounters don't react to storm conditions. Not such a big deal with muggers, since all they do is attack you anyway, but prostitutes probably shouldn't still be working.
	
	
	I'll see about adding a small variation to NPC's levels when using a level-scaling difficulty (+/- 3 sounds good).
	
	There's some sort of problem with the public stocks. The scenes are fine, but the first intro line (You decide to have some fun with the <Insert Race Here> in the stocks nearest you) is buggy. At first I thought it was just going off the first one regardless of which one you picked, but subsequently I realised it was more than that when it told me I was fucking a wolf-girl when there wasn't a wolf-girl there.

Well, I say the scenes are fine, but they obviously need a lot more work; they use the same actions as the regular scenes, leading to such things as non-con slaves “trying to pull away from you, but you easily stop them", or willing slaves masturbating despite being restrained.

I just met a trap, and despite never having seen her naked, I apparently just knew she was a trap and what her cock and ass look like. If it's relevant, she was in one of the cells that was obfuscated on import.

NPCs with the “Transformer" fetish don't respect gender content options. They don't need to follow the same frequency or anything, but if I've completely disabled a body-type from being in the game, it might be an idea to filter it from NPC TF preferences too.
	
	have a button for Take All, Sell All in the inventory
	
	The slave management UI is not very good at the moment... x_x
I'll improve it as soon as I can! :3

I'll also definitely add bunk beds and other higher capacity room modifications.

I'll add an upgrade for stocks in the garden at some point too; good idea
	
other bug is that it say that brax and kate are pregnant with my children despite it not showing on there appearance page and they don't have the pregnant effect.

	i dunno if this is a bug,so here i go:i spawn some item to dress scarlet. 2 of the item are the weapon. i dress scarlet and pick up the weapon last. here is the thing: for some reason the weapon duplicate. when i pick them it was 8 of them stacked .i spawn the item in 1 of the slave room.
	
	When I next work on improving the slave UI, I'll see if I can add a "quick view" icon to the slave list, which you'll be able to hover over to see their status effects. :3
	
	
	I'll change it soon so that offspring will spawn in even without the incest option turned on (although no sex actions will turn up if incest is turned off). :3
	
	
	I might slightly tweak the ass+breasts transformations later on, as it does seem a little silly to need to grow furry breasts in order to gain access to the associated race's milk.
	
	
	Add 'Find new Overseer'
	
	FINISH NEW ORGASM ACTIONS
	
	
	The start tf menu is describing me as a succubus (Which was the last NPC I used this menu in)
	And you can access your phone despite the fact it's blocked by clicking "Level 1 Woman" in the top left
	
	
	6:32] NoFratChicks: System.setProperty("prism.lcdtext", "false"); near-doubled the speed for me, so it does seem to be rendering related
	[06:34] NoFratChicks: Not sure what it does, renders text with greyscale rather than LCD subpixels? Anyway might be worth adding an option to turn that off, I'll tell you if I find something else that has a signficant effect. I'm sure there's something to disable general anti-aliasing that would help as well.
	[06:34] NoFratChicks: The 10 other people with this kind of setup will thank you :weary:
	[07:11] NoFratChicks: Removing the fade-in effect on tooltips has improved my experience, might be worth disabling that if the menu fade option is disabled, the same people are going to want tooltip fade off.
	
	dirty talk for thigh sex is "How best to use you, I wonder..."
	
	can receive paizuri while having oral sex
	
	
	Jam commission
	
	add Mega Milk pose as a special attack
		It better scale with boob size
	
	eggplant usable
	
During arcane storm facing a random encounter on generic title and winning by dismissal, (just leave not using removal option), bug out the map and stop listening to mouse commands, keyboard still work and restore functionality after moving

Thigh sex, paizuri, butt jobs, and blowjobs shouldn't count for losing penile virginity.

Is there a bug where if you attempt to get a submissive partner to fuck you in the ass, they'll do thigh sex and not stop no matter what you do?  Or are the characters in my game just scared of buttholes?

Feline Fancy now open the enchanting screen for strength instead of intelligence as it should

 Contrary to my hopes and dreams, you cannot use your tail to penetrate as a gator. Hopefully this is a bug. (Magic ought to be able to add prehensibility(?)!)
	
	If i import my character, im stuck at the "survive the evening" quest.
	
A small problem I just noticed, I tried to enable 'Light Theme' out of curiosity and everything displayed badly, White buttons on a white background, a list of shortcut key vertically on the left. It seemed to be in mobile device display mode but still with white text on a white background, except for the shortcut key references.

	I'll add a way to change the date in the debug menu for the next release! ^^
	
The pullout thing is slightly bugged. In some cases, I've requested a pull-out, but then MC cums and it only gives the option to "Stay in position," which always results in a creampie. I will mention this is always during NC content.
	
Npc's are doing that black magic voodoo thing where they're pulling up my chemise from beneath my slip dress without pulling that up.

	tell the NPCs to stop being so obsessed with thigh sex for the next version
	
	 I discovered that if you accidentally make too many slaves have overlapping shifts at the stocks, the cell is full and you're unable to enter it.	
	 
	Having the Denial Fetish should turn the 'Sexually Frustrated' penalty into a bonus of some sort
	
	Is initiating submissive sex raising corruption a bug
		submissive sex to alleyway attackers is still locked behind the submissive fetish
		
		
	Also on that note, the selfie screen then says you lost that virginity-including oral if you sucked your tail-to that partner instead of to yourself. Should sucking your tail even count as "giving head"?
	
	Having multiple tails only lets you occupy a single one. Same with more than two hands, you can only use two at a time.
	
	Lilaya and Kate can use your tail in their special sitting position, but you cannot make that decision yourself. To use your tail on them, I mean.
	The sitting position with Lilaya and Kate doesn't allow you to use your tail on them, even though they can use theirs on you. Doesn't matter if you're on top or bottom. Maybe they can use your tail, haven't seen it though.
	
	If the first option page is filled, the second page has the last item of the first page repeated and the entire page is missing tooltips.
	If there are too many options and some get thrown into a second page, that second page has no tooltips and the first option on the second page is the last option on the first page repeated.
	
	Long tongues cannot take any virginities.
	
	The Virgin Killer meme sweater, when pulled up, only exposes your butt and groin. But it hardly goes past your hips and is fairly loose, shouldn't you be able to pull it up much further?
	
	On a similar note, what about being able to pull down some of the sleeveless dresses (skater, plunge, slip and frontal zip, although that last one can be zipped anyway), like you can with the one-piece swimsuit and the bodysuit?
	
	Even the nursing bra gives you a penalty if you stain it with your own milk. Not an expert, but aren't they made to be fairly absorbent?
	
	
	I don't know if anyone else is getting this, but turning into an alligator made it impossible to open the selfie and status screens on the phone, as well the transformation text for some parts not showing up.
	
	Alligator Girls seem to be really bugged. Initiating Combat opens the inventory with the only way to continue being being to close it which results in you fleeing.
	 Interestingly enough you can open other combat 'Submenus' from the inventory screen if you click where the button would normally be located.
	  Also initiating sex with them and (immediately) ending it makes it impossible to continue. I tested it in both versions and it's broken in both.
	(Can confirm alligator morphs seem to break the game.)
	
	
	
	"you have fought her times"
	
	If you scroll down the room list menu and click to manage a room, the new menu remains scrolled down accordingly instead of being reset to the top of the menu.
	
	
	so, cant get slaves to have sex with each other again
	anyone doing anal on me is a last resort
	most npcs seem to go this way
	penis > vagina > oral > anal
	in order of what they are most likely to use. 
	
	It would be nice if instead of a set income from the stocks, there were tips that were randomish, just so there is a reason to use them without making a meta game out of it. 
	
	in my experiance right now it seems every time I request someone dont cum inside they dont. the only exception seems to be oral
	
	it would also be nice to be able to put slaves into a rotation seeing as it looks like future jobs may be more demanding and instead of run them into the ground it would be nice to set up a rotation. 
	
	I also ran into a bug where I put someone in stocks and that ended up makine the stocks time not work when I took them out of the stocks.
	
	
	
	
	
	Main char has wings that "are large enough that they can be used to allow you to fly", but "Fly after her" is disabled when Alexa heads off to give Scarlet a woopin' because I have no wings?
	
	Vicky will not buy arcane essences anymore, Ralph does now. 
	
	I'll extend the fix to reset hair lengths for all values out of normal ranges for versions prior to 0.1.95. :3
		It should also apply to random NPCs. :3
	
	 tail and horn sizes meant to be in the enchantment menu
	
	Got a bug, when i came across a incubus, fought and defeated him, i did the quick transform option, no penis, vagina and d-cup breast, and when sex started it said he was now a succubus and yet he had his dick back and lost his vagina. 

	Another bug when i went to meet brax for the first time, he acted like i met, fought and lost to him before despite it being the first time meeting him, the character i was playing as was imported from 1.89.2 to 1.90 then to this version so this might be a cause for this bug
	
	got another bug when i chose my sexual history as a trap i went with limited history it should of took my penile virginity but it didn't, tried moderate history and the same problem.
	
	
	
	
	Started a new game in 1.95, chose “very experienced", Lilaya's tests, “You'll always remember this moment as the time that you lost your penile virginity!".
	
	Importing a save exported from 1.89, the center panel appears but the side panels don't. Needless to say, the game is not playable in this state.
	
	Tried out the new thigh sex, and it told me that my partner's pre-cum lubricated their thighs. It obviously should have been my thighs (and status-effect-wise it was, it's just the narration that was wrong).
	
	The new Paizuri dirty talk is for the be-cocked partner, but not for the boobèd one.
	Paizuri doesn't have ongoing narration (pink italic text).
	Thigh sex doesn't have ongoing narration or dirty talk.
	Hotdogging doesn't have ongoing narration or dirty talk.
	
	When you're fucking someone's ass, and they come, it talks about their pussy squeezing down (if they have one), but not their ass. One would think that you'd be more likely to notice the one that you were actually in.
	
	My “Strengthened Aura" effect doesn't seem to be affecting my willpower resist, at least according to the stat screen. It's showing -70 from my “Frustrated" effect and my corruption, but that should be brought back up to -45 from the “Strengthened Aura", which doesn't appear to be the case.
	
	Weirdness:
	
	The “lacy plunge bra" and “lacy panties" don't look particularly lacy to me.
	
	A black blazer is noticeably darker than other black clothing.
	
	I see a bunch of items geing generated with “+Stamina Damage" effect. Does this actually do anything? I don't think I've come across any stamina damaging attacks so far.
	
	Lilaya makes such a big deal about your amazing aura after her “tests", even going so far as saying you should warn any other demons you meet, yet none of these other demons seem to notice. OK, OK, maybe I just want to see the “lazy demon" get all hyper. I think that would be cute.
	
	
	idle slaves with house freedom be able to use or be used by other idle slaves or working slaves?
		Will it be possible to encounter slaves with outside freedom and get used by them in the alley ways
		
	
	I encountered a succubus, had my way with her after selecting preferences, then i clasped a slave collar onto her. she was sent to the slaver, but her and my stats on the right and left side remained. Also my and her items still remain visible. So it doesn't return you to the 'world view' screen after doing so
	
	missed the leg related fetishes for thigh sex preferences
		'Strutter' and 'leg lover' are my suggestions for kink names.
	
	could we move the 'to the stage' option in char creation from the 'check clothes' menu to the main menu
	
	
	missionary position + tribadism
	
	tongues be separate categories than faces
	
	I'm still getting importing bugs - both the enchanted gear bug and my perk points aren't being carried over
	
	Most of the time, when clicking on the "Fight!" button does nothing. After clicking on it, mousing over it again displays a message to the effect of "You can't do that while in combat!"
	(Save + relaod fixed it)
	
	Anyone else have issues during TF scenes where the process gets "stuck"? As in, it will keep trying to TF a body part that you already have, and the process won't progress anymore?
Currently, it seems that I cannot obtain non-human genitals from an NPC's TF scene
So, the game keeps getting stuck there, and I can't get TF'd any further than a gender swap (unless I get pregnant)
BlobHyperSweats1
	
	
	: I exported my game and got extra 25 global resist + others
	[clothing export bug?]
	
	there seems to be a glitch for, at least my, imported char where Brax attacks me when i meet him for the first time
	
	Tattoos and slave customisation at Kate's place
	
	
	I encountered a succubus, had my way with her after selecting preferences, then i clasped a slave collar onto her. she was sent to the slaver, but her and my stats on the right and left side remained. Also my and her items still remain visible. So it doesn't return you to the 'world view' screen after doing so
	had a saved game right after defeating her, so i loaded that up, no sex this time, clasped slave collar and no problem. I'll see if I can try and get it to act up again.
[05:52] GrimWaltz: I've narrowed the problem down. It seems that after choosing having sex with the succubus after defeating her and turning her into a slave, the game gets the problem. If you don't have sex with her but turn her into a slave there's no problem.
[05:57] GrimWaltz: Also there's a minor problem with removing the condom when you're having sex. When you click on the condom and then choose "discard", it seemingly does nothing, but after closing the inventory the condom will be removed, but you won't have a "discard" message like you normally would but checking your clothing menu you will see it has been removed. (this was present in the previous version as well)
	
	satisfying a slave's addiction should raise their affection
	
	is the unwilling fucktoy fetish supposed to make NPCs resist?
		Because I gave it to a slave and she only sometimes resists
	
	day 0, I go outside (on the storm) got attacked by a cow girl, non consensual activated, maximum dficulty, I got smached, but on the sex, the ask to be freed give the dirty talk description onhover (but give the good acction)
	
	
	
	
	
	------------
	
	There's no skin color preference settings? Skin color preference settings when?
	
	Slaves still aren't interacting correctly outside of work/between jobs.
	
	Move urethral stuff to generic genitals
	
	[Possibly caused by buyback handling?]
	- several places the game just hung on me, for example
		1. visited Nyan's Clothing Store. I had a dress of unknown features, so I put it on, it had some minor effect, so I sold it and the other clothing items
		2. visited another store, entered and clicked the 'Trade with ...' button and nothing. Tried another store and the same, also if I returned to Nyan's shop reloaded from a save.
	- a few other times it just hung but I am not sure of any clear pattern to report, I get the general feel it is related to items in some way but not sure
	
	Freezing in Finch's screen (after getting slaver license)
	
	When your partner is about the cum the 'Prepare' button seems odd, and it resets what tab as such you are on so you have to re-select 'Sex Actions' or similar to resume.
	
	every so often when i try to enter a store or a sex scene the menu and description wont change
	
	I'll be working on adding knotting descriptions & actions this week! :3
	I'm also going to be reworking the race detection system, which will allow for proper detection of hybrid races.
	
	I'll add more 'Dark Alleyway' tiles for succubi/incubi too. :3
	
	------------
	
	get cloacas working
	
	Apparently, it doesn't like it when you ride the 19 inch succubi cock analy like a slut, tail peg her ass, and finger her pussy.. at the same time
	
	- go through positioning actions and check conditions
	
	- Add more slave jobs.
		Assisting Rose
		gardener
	Improve slave events
	
	- Add more ways to influence a slave's affection and obedience.
		More room items
	
	
	
	Add Amber repeat action (fence has arcane barrier now)
	
	
	
	Suggestions:

If you force your way into Zaranix's house, Katherine clearly hears you, but when you meet her she reacts the same as she does if you sneak in. Maybe she should say something about how you must have beaten Amber instead?

You could put in interactions between slave's obedience and affection, for example a slave that loves you but is defiant could gain obedience over time. Conversely, a slave that hates you could see their obedience suffer. I'm not sure if affection should track towards obedience, you could probably make a case either way for that.

NPC dirty talk regarding virginity is a little odd. They will mention that they're a virgin every other sentence, even if you don't have a cock and couldn't possibly take it, but they never mention they're an anal or oral virgin even when you put them on their knees or rub your cock on their ass. They just say “That's right, fuck my ass!", same as anyone else. Maybe they should wait until you actually get your cock out (especially if you're feminine), and have some sort of comment if losing one of their other virginities is apparently imminent.

Bug Reports:

The “Repeat Actions" tab could still use a little work; actions that are unavailable even momentarily get removed from it, and stay out of it even if they become available again. It might be better to simply keep a list of all actions taken, and rebuild the “Repeat Actions" tab each turn. That way, you'd not only not lose actions that had been unavailable, the buttons would automatically be in order of how recently you used that action.

When you drink a potion in combat, the description header still says the action you did last turn.

While most of the witch set is obviously feminine, the hat should really be neutral.

I beat a witch, transformed her, and there was no hilight on her current height (6′3″).

After finishing with that witch, I decided to start a new game. The new game character customisation screen was showing everything for the witch, and no changes I made actually affected me.

The heart necklace is noticably darker than other jewelry of the same colour.

If you give someone (who doesn't have one) a cock with a potion, it defaults to zeroes on all three sizes. I'm frankly amazed that nobody seems to have reported this before! I guess F2M isn't all that popular or something?

If you fuck someone who is too loose, the “Too loose" status remains even after you stop.

Both Arthur's package and his watch can be found randomly in alleyways.
	
	
	
	
	
	----------
	
		When buying Scarlett, maybe add a third option for players who aren't that keen on owning a slave but don't want to just eat the ¤2500 they spent, so offer that you'll free her if she works it off. She'd presumably start out hating you less, and being less unruly, with a big hit later if you decide to screw her over down the line.
	
		In a scene, when an NPC rubs their crotch through their clothes, maybe it shouldn't tell you that a trap or shemale is rubbing their cock if you haven't seen it before, just say “crotch"?
		
		Speaking of which, how come we can grope our own crotch, but not an NPC's?
		
		Bug Reports:
		
		I know it's on the radar already, but I thought it worth a reminder that there is basically no lesbian option for the chair scene Lilaya and Kate use.
		
		Speaking of Lilaya, I just had a scene with her where she kept on using her tail on herself, I kept pulling it out and she immediately reinserted it, Every. Single. Time. Something like a couple dozen times in a row. And because you're technically still the submissive partner in that scene even if you turn things around, you can't forbid her from doing this.
		
		I think I found a bug with an encounter with an NPC with the “Unwilling Fuck-toy" fetish. She was ambiphillic, so her resisting should have been an act, but her arousal obviously had the large penalty an NPC gets when they really don't want you fucking them, as it kept dropping to zero. This might have had something to do with her being a slave in the stocks; maybe that uses the wrong “resisting" scene, the real one, by mistake?
		
		Penises are regaining their virginity on export/import. Well… sort of. They show as virgin on the selfie screen, and are described as virgin when exposed, but using one doesn't count as losing/taking virginity. This affects NPCs as well as the player.
		
		Imported potions have proper backgrounds now, but they still don't stack with newly brewed ones, even when they have identical effects. Given the limited number of inventory slots, this is something of an issue.
		
		I'm not sure why ankle boots are listed as feminine; they look pretty neutral to me. Likewise with the headband, which is listed as neutral despite looking obviously feminine.
		
		When switching to doggy style, PC's line (“Be a good girl and hold still while I fuck you like the bitch you are!") fits in fine with the dirty talk from the “Rough" pace, but seems rather out of place if you're in the “Gentle" pace.
		
		Kate's intro says she has plump lips and wavy hair, but she actually has full lips and a bob cut. Also says she has three pairs of breasts even if your settings limit her to one pair.
		
		Looking back on things, I'm pretty sure every feminine NPC I've met has had “full" sized lips, they never seem to have larger or smaller ones.
		
		Found a bug with the character generation screen; I went to start a new game (from within a running game, not a new session) and when I went to change body style (that is, skinny-huge and soft-ripped) the result body type stayed fixed at “Average", not changing like it should. Unfortunately, I haven't been able to reproduce it, and there was nothing in the error log, so this report probably isn't going to be useful; I include it simply so you know there's a possible issue there.
	
	
	-----------
	
	
	Bugs:
	
	----------------
	
	1. After trying to impregnate Lilaya when fighting an enemy my games freezing (I found out that this is because you impregnate her so get your D out of her before you defeating some enemy)
	For your information the save files that I used is from 0.1.90 so I think there's no problem in exporting and importing files within the version
	
	After the first sex scene with Lilaya, the game just stopped working. I can't progress /  resume play at all
	--------------
	
	Here's a five minute fix for the NPC AI. Currently, if the player has an accessible vagina, dominant npcs never go for the butt unless they have an anal fetish. Why not add the "rough" npc fetishes to that as well? Eg: dominant, sadist, and rapist npcs might also have a chance to target the ass instead of the pussy.
	Also, consider having the NPC take the PC's fetishes into account when deciding actions instead of just their own. I could see a submissive NPC trying to please their partner by doing what they like. This would add a whole lot of complexity to your AI system though, so it might be infeasible to add that to your system, as it is now, without risking breaking things.
	
	Fingering with gloves equipped? Right now they block fingers which I believe is both true and false at the same time: We might not be able to equip rings and such, but i believe we can push gloved fingers into an orifice.
	
	urethra pen
	
	I'm also getting bug where equipment stat changes do not carry over correctly during exporting 
	
	Just FYI that pregnancy stats continues to be broken on imported characters.
	
	Exporter/Importer broke. Can't import files, even unmooded ones.
	
	There also seems to be a bug with the slavery system's economy.  If you start a new game some of your debt from the previous character carries over to the new one.
	
	"before roughly bobbing your head up and down into your groin" should be "as you remind her who's in charge, before roughly bobbing your head up and down into her/his groin."
	
	
	It seems exported characters have issues with offsprings.  My exported character was unable to access the pregnancy reports page.
	
	I don't know how, but I can't open my slaves' inventories from the slave overview page. The backpacks are greyed out but it gives a generic description like nothing's stopping it.
Edit: Wouldn't let me open my own inv either. Exiting the process then opening a new one stops it though.
	
	
	
	Check the slavery jobs. If you give a slave a 24 hour work shift, it breaks the night/day cycle for some reason.  The dialogue options stay grayed out for all the slaves no matter how many times you rest.
	
	
	I don't know if this is a bug or intentional but i cant seem to actually release Arthur. After the fight i try to release him and it just gets stuck and i cant go any farther but it wont let me leave the screen. 
	
	
	"Bug" report: During the import process (for both game and NPC imports as far as I have noticed), the game forcefully sets the preferred body type to be an exact copy of the imported NPCs, rather than keeping any previous preferences from the old save.
	 This results in any imported NPCs simply transforming you into themselves, limits and content permitting.
		The reason seems to be that the body preference is set from the actual body parameters of the NPC, rather than getting it from the specified "preferredBody" element created during the export process when it is imported.
	
	
	Could we get a "drop all inventory" feature? Or at least a better storage area? Different color clothing and potions clog up inventory space fast
	
	
	I enslaved one of my daughters and now all of my slaves are calling me mom. The rename button does nothing.
	
	
	"affection apparently works, but every single slave isn't gaining obedience anymore"
	
	Lactation content
	
	merge alligators
	
	[You are about to cum / your partner is about to cum / both of you are about to cum] [You cum from x body part] [Your partner cums from y body part] [if applicable, fluids go to place z] [after orgasm texts for you, such as noting taste of cum or risks of pregnancy] [after orgasm texts for partner]
	
	 I was going to prevent orgasms unless direct stimulation is being performed, so maybe I could use the oral fetish to bypass that (allowing oral fetishists to orgasm just by performing oral) 
	
	
	Started a new male char, chose experienced for sexual history, Started with Zero corruption. After doing Lilaya for her first set of 'tests' This is wgat it said in my selfie:"You lost your penile virginity to your first girlfriend. You lost your penile virginity to Lilaya in Lilaya's lab."
	
	on the stats, pregnancy stats are not showing at all
	
	Save games that are exported from 189.2 and 190 lose a few things, such as
-Slave activity log
-Flames in the slave account balance
-Player and NPCs regain their penile virginity
-The attributes of NPC genitalia and private parts is forgotten by the player. You have to get them naked again in order to know their dick size and whatnot.
	
	
	: I noticed a few situations where dominant female npcs would attempt to ride on a female PC even though there's nothing there to ride one. It seems that the AI doesn't know what to do when neither character has a penis. For the time being, consider making the NPC prefer oral sex for F/F pairs instead of moving the character into positions where there is only foreplay options like fingering/kissing, etc.
[04:44] Tukaima: Managed to get that thing to happen again. Encountered a dog-girl during a storm, and once I enslaved her, the text showed "Savannah", but in the slave list she's actually named "dog-girl". Reproduced it two more times after that, twice in front of Lil's house, and another time in an empty cell.
[07:15] the sarssol: seems like imported slaves default to using their own name to refer to you
	
	
	
	
	
	
	[Might already be fixed]
	I've seen this issue reported on an older version but i've just discovered it's still happening, after importing from 1.89.2 to 1.9.0 all of my characters modifier's from clothing (+ 4 will power damage, + 4 global resist, + 35 fertility etc.) are no longer applying bonuses. Because I am wearing the clothing however when i remove it i gain a minus modifier of the same value (- 4 willpower damage, - 4 global resist, -35 fertility etc.). This has essentially crippled my character by giving them massive reductions to willpower damage and global resist which are the stats I hunted for on my gear. :(
	
	
	
	All slave rooms reset to base upon import from 1.89.2. They are still classified as slave rooms with he right slaves in them but they have been emptied of all extra's like beds, room service and obedience trainers.

	Maybe also a suggestion/request?
	Please could creampie duration scale with dosage of cum and last even longer with effects like viscous and sticky?
	
	Oh an also for some reason all of my test subjects that get experimented on are reporting that Lilaya did some intrusive experiments on the last viewed slave. It lists the correct slave in the 'Slave' field but incorrectly lists whichever slave I was in the same room with as the test subject in each transformation.
	
	
	
	I haven't set NPCs to be able to spawn with addictive cum just yet, but I'll do that as soon as I can! (It will be a random chance.) :3
	
	Slave sex: ------
	
	made one cumdump in each profession
no one touched them
allowed one to masterbate
she never did and has been pent up for days.

I also made sure that every character that spawns has both sets.
	
	Additionally I'd like to re-report that slaves are not interacting consistantly. Slaves do not interact AT ALL during free time (at least if they have jobs). Slaves with jobs only interact with other slaves on the same job during the hours they work together. I was able to get ALL of my slaves interacting and doing stuff by switching them all to the maid job with the same hours. They continued to do NOTHING duirng free time though. They ALL have the free roam mansion and outside mansion permissions.

Finally importing from 1.89.2 reset my slaves cleanliness permissions. Test subjects must keep their creampies, for science!
	
	
	I'll make some tweaks to the code to allow slaves with the 'masturbate' setting enabled to engage in using you as well. :3
	
	add a way to manually find removed offspring (search for offspring at city hall or something)
	
	Ok, every slave is set to 
	house freedom
	use you
	3 meals 
	maintain
	wash clothing
	
	all the slaves but 1 has slave stud
	2 of them have breeding bitch and sex toy
	
	All of them have off at the same times, at least the ones that aren't experiment 24/7 slaves
	
	one is only attracted to masculan
	one is attracted to everything. 
	
	Pass 30 days, and neither are pregnant, in an entire house of futas, all should be pent the hell up bad. 
	
	I waited 2 months, still no mention of pregnancy or even an encounter. 
	
	
	I've just been testing this,
	All of my slaves have permission to free roam in and outside house. Of my 2 slaves who are sex toys only one gets used. The one that keeps getting used is working in the kitchen, and the only person using her (despite all my slaves having permission) is the one working in the kitchen with them, always with the 'X saw X go into the pantry alone and couldn't help but fuck follow them in and fuck them'. So currently for slaves to be able to sex eachother it seems they have to be working the same job at the same time and that they wont interact in their free time.
	
	All of my slaves have permission to use sex toy but not to masturbate and all have been frustrated for 20 days now without any use of the available sex toys.
	
	I've been doing this for 20 in-game days and it'sthe same result over and over.
	
	Also when my virgin slave lost her virginity it doesn't update the appearance screen with that information. It also says on her pregnancy record that she was impregnated by X and gave birth to X 0 days later, despite me allowing this to occur naturally.
	
	(i accidentally posted this message to the wrong chain further down, sorry)
	
	Additionally slave's giving birth/having sex with gigantic penises doesn't increase their capacity when plasticity is high.
	
	(i extended the above test to 3 in game months and am still producing the same results)
	
	not able to repeat this, my slaves aren't touching each other at all.
	going to try a new save in a new install area so nothing is contaminated.
	
	In the new instance of the game, I was able to get 2 of the 4 non breeder slaves in an area to have sex... granted the slave they were having sex with was not attracted so its basicly rape, and the other work room where everyone was attractive to each other won't touch each other.
	
	
	
	Current bug After finding a fugitive (I've only found females so far):
When enslaving them, their name will be whatever they spawned in as. IE ("the wolf girl" is her name) 
when trying to change it, there's no way to do so. Typing in a name causes you to navigate through your menu options, even though you're typing in the name box. Also, hitting the check mark to lock her name in, just resets it back to the default.
	
	
	Are submissive NPCs supposed to be able to stop you fingering yourself?

Men's trousers can only be black or white.

Gynephilic causes you to deal half willpower damage to males. That's not what the description says it does.

Importing a save directly from 1.89.2 to 1.90.5 is broken. The game loads, but the sidebars don't render, just the center panel. Error log here. Importing to 1.90 then exporting again works as a workaround.
	[at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
    at com.lilithsthrone.game.Game.importGame(Game.java:493)]

Imported potions are different to newly enchanted ones. They don't stack with them and they have the word "null" instead of the pentagram background image.

Once Kate's tail is in your ass, there's no way to get it out again.

A girl with the virginity fetish probably shouldn't ask you to fuck her, however if you use the "Tease her pussy" action, she will.
	
	----
	
	Exporting and importing a game causes characters' transformation preferences to change. For example someone who wanted to turn you into a girl may now want to give you a penis.
	
	Urethral actions
	
	
	There seems to be a bug in the save compatibility, which is manifesting in an error when trying to inspect some slaves. I'll try and figure out what's going wrong as soon as I can! :3
	
	
	if you edit an npc's preferred body type, it doesn't stick, probably because editting an npc makes the game act like you never met them, so you go through their introduction all over again, and probably resetting their preferred body type to whatever it was previously.
	
	If you're having trouble tracking down the memory leak, repeated load actions and inventory views very rapidly accelerate it. After a while the UI becomes so unresponsive that you'll be waiting up to a second or two for some actions to complete.
	
	re Succubi bugged at the moment?  They say they wont let you use their pussy when they take their cock out, but during sex they only kiss, masturbate themselves, and do vaginal sex.  They never actually use their cock.  They also only use the back to wall position.
	I have a Succubus slave and when I let her be the dominant one she always does the same thing over and over. That being the back to wall position and never switch to anything else. I have tried to give her different fetishes to see if that does anything but no luck.
	
	I've also noticed problems with other npcs. All human male NPCs, for example, only use the same 3 positions: Doggy performing oral, kneeling performing oral, and kneeling recieving oral.  Thats all. :frowning:(edited)
		It may be the same with all masculine NPCs but I haven't tested enough
		I just want an NPC to forcefully break-in my character but no one will do it
	
	
	once you get Arthur the first time, going back to Zaranix's lab will cause a screen lock where you need to shut down
	
	small issue with slave descriptions in actions like hugging: "Due to the fact that [...] is friendly you, ..."
	
	Not sure if it's a bug or not, but after you've infiltrated Zaranix's home and retrieved Arthur (with the 'fly over fence' option), you can't knock anymore, regardless of whether or not you actually fought anyone. Can still fly over the fence, tho.
	
	"I seem to keep getting stuck at Ralph's"
	
	highlights as an option for feathers
	
	autosave on map switch anymore?
	
	Add self-doggy (oral) varaints
	
	
	-------------------
	
	Bugs
-Talking to someone in a room will always have the dialogue written as if you're talking to the first person listed in the room.

-When you ask about a slave's background they sometimes respond with:
Slave smiles as you ask her about her past life, and responds, "Hello Player! How are you? Is there anything I can do for you?"

At first I thought that this might be a bug with a specific personality, but I've gotten it from slaves with different personalities. I can't really figure out a pattern with it.

After further testing, I'm starting to notice a pattern with the slave's response about their background. I think it has something to do with the slave's affection towards the player. All the bugged lines seem to be coming from slaves that have an affection rating of 30 or higher - or wherever it is the Affection level becomes 'likes'.

If their affection is above 30 the slave's response is usually the same line that they greeted you with.

when the text dialogue starts with
As you approach Slave, she looks up at you, a huge smile breaking out across her face as she joyously calls out, "Hello Player! Is there anything I can do for you?"
Their response is
Clearly happy at being asked about her past life, Slave quickly responds, "Hello Player! Is there anything I can do for you?"

If their greeting is
As you approach Slave, she looks up at you, a huge smile breaking out across her face as she joyously calls out, Hello Player! How are you? Is there anything I can do for you?
their response about their background is
Slave smiles as you ask her about her past life, and responds, Hello Player! How are you? Is there anything I can do for you?

if the slave has the bimbo fetish, the lines can be slightly different. Like greeting you with "Hello Player! Is there anything, like, I can, um, do for you?" and the answer about their background being "Hello Player! Is there, like, anything I can do, like, for you?"

it also happens if they greet you with the pregnancy dialogue. Their response can be either the "... How are you? Is there anything..." or "Hello Player! Is there anything..." line.

I haven't received a bugged line from a slave that has an affection rating of 24 or lower.
	
	---------------
	
	add in "doggy-style receiving oral" for victory scenes asap
	
	
	---------------
	SEX AI:
	
	or example, 9 times out of 10 when both the PC and NPC are female, and you submit to the NPC, all the NPC does is randomly stick her fingers in and out of her pussy and ass, then she usually just cums without anything else happening. Here's how it almost always goes (and this is regardless of NPC fetishes):

	1. NPC exposes her pussy and yours.
	2. NPC either sticks her fingers in your pussy or hers for a round or two, then pulls them out.
	3. NPC will usually switch positions, then does the same thing till she cums. Most of the time, her fingers are not even in her pussy.
	
	Basically, it's like the dominant female NPC doesn't want to cum from anything other than random masturbation. I'm not a lesbian so I don't know if this is how real lesbian sex works, lol.
	
	Submissive sex with dom male NPCs is usually okay, but every once in a while I'll get a guy who would rather finger his own ass than do anything else.
	
	A lot of times the NPC will switch positions the very turn before they cum. So if you're submissively sucking off a male NPC, he might switch to 69 with you on bottom, and then he ends up cumming on the ground. It's annoying.
	
	---------------
	
	
	
	Anyway, in this release (and the last preview, too, but I figured it was buggy and not worth commenting on), the sex options with Lilaya and Kate are really thin. It's possible that they always were and I just didn't notice, but at the least the hand-to-genitals options should be there. Chair oral sex (giving and receiving) would also be welcome, but I can live without them for a good while.

Also, the option to stop furry tail penetrations doesn't seem to stop demons from penetrating themselves with their tails. I'd like of like the options to just stop all non-player initiated tail penetration.

I've found that if you strip someone before sex, take all of their stuff, then have sex, they will have a new inventory of items at the end that you can also loot.
	
	
	
	When you Molest a slave who enjoys it and has max affection they still say "I am yours to use mistress" and it says they did so coldly
	
	
	
	I will try and get an 'Auto-equip clothing after sex' option added for this next version! ^^
	
	
	Suggestion for improvement of "Denial" fetish: The Denial fetish in it's current form kind of sucks, to be frank. IMO what it should do instead is add an extra reaction option when a submissive cums to prevent them from doing so, as Pix does in her scene. The submissive should then start begging to be allowed to cum, getting increasingly more frantic the more times they are denied.
	
	Suggestion for counterpart to "Denial" fetish: Denial is one of the orgasm control fetishes; the other is forced orgasms. If you make a submissive cum several times, they should start begging you to stop making them cum, getting increasingly more frantic the more times you do.
	
	Suggestion for "Non-Con" fetish: When the submissive's arousal gets high, they should beg you specifically not to make them cum, rather than the more general "stop doing that to me" dialog.
	
	
	If you set furries to be on but leave the forced racial transformations as human only, you do not get any genitalia added during the transformations. So you ultimately end up as a "doll."
		Hmm... I thought it had broken my save game, but it seems to break the properties file. So, that's good. I'll just have to endure all the encyclopedia entries again, lol.
	
	
	
	I will definitely add a way to apply potions to all of your slaves (as well as adding in an action to get your succubi slaves to self-transform). There are definitely quite a few improvements I can make to the slave system, and I'll try and get them all done as soon as I can! ^^
	
	I will also add a recipe book to save potions to, as well as the ability to name them. Good suggestions! ^^
	
	
	
	
	Zaranix finishing touches
	
	Molest slave action
	
	TODO
		Moved the sometimes-hard-to-read flashing message at the bottom of the screen (which was used for things like 'Quicksaved!') into the event log.
	
	When being submissive, your partner will sometimes ask you to pull out, but the only option available is "Stay in Position"
	
	chastity belt to say it blocks penis
	
	Exporter's (Game Export) doing something funky with Fertility/Virility. Seems if you have an item that buffs or nerfs either of those stats, the exporter applies the opposite to your character. This makes it so after importing, you character will have the same stats as if the item was unequipped, but while it's still equipped, and once removed it alters your stats opposite of the item's stats.
Say a character starts with 25 Fertility. Equipping the Breeder collar adds 50, bringing you up to 75. Export the game and re-import the same file and your Fertility is back at 25 but with the collar still equipped. Remove the collar and your Fertility drops to -25. I've so far found this bug affects Virility as well by using gear I modded to apply a Fertility buff.
A good work around seems to be to unequip all items that change these stats before exporting, then re-equipping them after importing, which seems to allow stats to behave as expected. So far it's just with file exporting/importing (pretty both character and game files), so saves are fine.
In fact, it seems this is happening to ANY stat buff/nerf offered by equipment. So far tested on equipment offering buffs to Physical Damage, Willpower Damage, and Willpower Resistance.
	
	
	Ran into a girl wearing a chemise and pantyhose. Can't pull up chemise, it's blocked by pantyhose; can't pull down pantyhose, it's blocked by chemise. WTF?

Number 1 item action for equipped items is always "drop". It should be the same as items in inventory (So when talking to a shopkeeper, "Sell", and when looking at a defeated enemy "Take").

Displacing a bikini describes it as "pulling it down", which sounds wrong to me. Wouldn't pulling it up be easier?

Submitted to a succubus, she called my PCs large DD breasts "tiny little things, how cute!", despite hers also being DDs.


drop all in inventory

	
	can't seem to view the pregnancy tab and not sure if implemented yet, but slaves won't fuck each other.
Another bug report: can't seem to remove those who identify as prostitutes from the map.
	
	
	I ended up encountering that mildly-earlier-version-bug where you meet your own child before they're born.
	
	---------
	
	Finishing the slave content's placeholders
	Being able to upgrade your bed and invite one (or more, when multiple partners will be handled) slave to sleep with you (until you revoke them?)  and mebe waking up to your slave using you if they have the specific permission
	Slavery jobs, dialogue, customisation!!!
	
	Import player characters as slaves
	
	Main story
		sub
		fight
		sneak
	
	Sex
	
	!!!Bugs!!!
	
	---------
	
	Seeing some odd behavior above day 100 in _0_1_89_2 where if you rest, time no longer advances as expected (and interactions that are limited to daily do not reset).   Have save files if needed.
	
	 they start in SMSubStanding() and then just stay there
	 
	 It seems slaves just won't have anal sex with my character
		they just push him against a wall and kiss him until they cum
		actually, this seems to be the case with all succubi, rather than just slaves
		
		
	Okay, I think I'm getting closer to an answer on this one. SLAVE_USES_YOU (the sexResponse type that generates the sex encounter) uses the SMSubStanding() sexManager, which starts in the standing position with SUB_NORMAL pace for PC and Sex.getPartner().getSexPaceDomPreference() for the NPC. I'm guessing that something about that dom preference is what's causing it to get stuck in Standing despite the code showing that position options for the scene are generic.
	 Hm, well after looking a bit deeper I think this could be fixed by Innoxia tweaking priorities similar to how it's done in unique NPC scenes. Not sure what it is about this scene that makes slaves indecisive (since I can't actually figure out where the code doing the "deciding" is)
	
	
	You can unequip NPCs clothing through the contacts screen
	
	Rose bell collar
	
	Lilaya sex behind incest
	
	: Also you never re-added the manual insemination option
	And there's the self impreg with used condoms thing that I hear people mention occasionally.
	
	Will we be able to change our tongue color at some point
	
	Vicky's shop inventory isnt updating on the next day as it should
	Sometimes shops were unusable. For some reason sometimes inventory screen text in options showed up instead.
	
	Orgasms
	Addictions
	Sex
	pull open the persons underwear and cum into it
	 'lie back and let the partner straddle you'
	planning on tying-in stamina to the amount of orgasms/length of sex scenes, so I will add in "exhausted/overwhelmed/milked dry" content as part of that
	
	Character creation
	
	SAVE COMPAT TESTING
	
	freckles
	
	infinite position swapping
	
	Additionally, a bug I found was that my character lost their unspent skill points when I imported them from 1.89.1 to 1.89.2. I did keep my already unlocked skills though, just not unspent points.
	
	bulk application of slave effects
	
	Alexa's Slave Menu is still frozen as of 0.1.89.2: Frozen as in none of the symbols (inspect, buy) are clickable and the slave list doesn't refresh like it did in 0.1.88.5
	Alexa's slave display is still broken on imported games and old save files. It only updates correctly on new save games and imported characters. This is for the second hotfix.
	also unable to view Alexa's description in slaver alley after she gets her first batch of slaves to sell.  It's viewable when you first get back to finish Scarlett's quest, but something breaks it when you visit the next day
	
	
	
	Weirdness
	It's pretty weird that the descriptions for the stat "Fitness" are all about flexibility. What it actually does is in line with what I'd expect "Fitness" to do, but the flavour text is all about flexibility.
	Tried out a harpy transformation, got told "You now have avian breasts and nipples, and when lactating, you will produce avian milk". Something about that sounds wrong…
	
	
	
	any chance of an option that lets NPCs fully transform you in one go after losing to them in battle? Either a toggle or a combination of fetishes on the player side (so it works with any NPC, not just ones where you've given them the right combination of fetishes)?
	
	move the effects over to an alchemist perk, and then I'll think up of some sex-related effects for the transformer fetish
	
	You were impregnated twice and you gave birth but it still says you're pregnant
	A daughter just attacked me
	
	Total children 0, but had 3 daughters
	
	slave events are parsing the wrong person
	
	When exporting either a character or game the hair value of all characters are changed to 1 or 9. After exporting a second time all hair values previously set to 1 change to 0(they only seem to drop from 1 to 0 on the second export; an initial value of 1 will stay at 1 the first export).
	got a bug my character became bald and regained their penile virginity when i imported from 1.89.1 to 1.89.2
	
	After going through the game for awhile I finally figured out how to get a slave so when I actually go up to one of my slaves the game freezes on me and doesn't allow me to exit the slave management screen
	
	In "Face to wall" position, if the submissive one has a cock they should really cum on the wall, not the floor.

	Also, on the lower settings of the forced TF racial limits player genitals are taken away, but new ones aren't added, which I don't think is intended behaviour.
	
	In chair sex, "Kiss" action doesn't require mouths to be available.
	
	Bree and Brandi are sometimes called "him" during sex.
	
	When asking Lilaya about essences, the PC speaks about how "A piece of someone's essence broke off and shot into me", but you don't have to have actually seen this, since that conversation is now unlocked by Lilaya's "Tests".
	
	When using transformative on a slave in Slavery Administration some transformation descriptions mention Finch instead of target npc.
	
	Having 6/7+ (definately 7+) used condoms in inventory (with or without condom belt) and then talking with Ralph locks you into his intro, the only option that works is 'discount' and then that locks there without being able to refuse or proceed.
	
	big lag when it comes to buying and selling items en mass
	
	perhaps the affection gain from being lilaya's test subject with the tf fetish should be toned down a little? As is making them work double shift or all day actually massively increases their affection
	Maybe have it just be +0.1, and make it so that working more than 16hrs a day doubles the 'overworked' affection loss
	
	after an event in the city where you fight if you go into your bag and exit out it goes back to the last event encounter
	
	Offspring not getting deleted in the removeNPC in pregnancy
	TEST REMOVAL (check where affection is applied, or perhaps save bodies and generate NPCs later?)
	
	got a bug, when i unequip my rainbow gloves and stockings i get a -6 bonuses and when equiped i get no bonuses but goes to what it should be without the rainbow gear

	just found a another bug brax acted like we met before in his office when we haven't. candi and the gaurd that checks your pass acted like they should.
	
	I've had an issue spanning multiple versions with the "stop partner" command (and now the new "stop penetrations"). When a partner is penetrating themselves with their tail, choosing those options results in them immediately re-penetrating themselves in the same or a different orifice, over and over, as many times as you choose the option. Makes it impossible for you to do anything with their tail once it's started.
It's most noticeable with Lilaya an the other succubi, but it can happen with anyone if furry tail penetrations is on.
	
	Also, seems like if I have a male character, biology-wise, with femininity at or above 40, I get this in the description, "Your cock is concealed, so, due to your androgynous appearance, everyone assumes that you're a tomboy on first glance." Doesn't really make sense as that should mean I have a vagina which I don't and no penis which I do. Further testing showed it's at least correctly matching the assumption about the presence or lack of a feminine chest.
	
	Bug: player orgasm related actions 'Stay in position' and 'pull out' appear in the repeat actions menu when in the face-to-face position.
	
	The game refuses to let me actually take action.  I'm currently in the entering stage of a fight, but clicking the "fight" button does nothing
	
	the bug that spawns the kids before they are born is still happening (maybe)
	
	when revealing an NPC's chest it always uses male pronouns and refers to them as pecs regardless of circumstace.
	
	You regain spent skill points and fetish points(arcane essence) when importing a character while retaining old perks.
	
	I spammed the "Rest until Evening / Rest until Morning" button in my room and not only does the clock stop changing to show the correct time but the map also bugs out and does not show any movement at all.
	
	I spammed the "Rest until Evening / Rest until Morning" button to try to speed up my slave training but it appears to bug the map where if you move the map does not update and never moves even if you move past the edge.
	
	Mostly a display-issue, if you go from the hair section in Kate's shop to the actual shop part and back, the options at the bottom become part of the scrolling area
	
	child encounter frequency option along with the furry preferences list
	
	sleeping kinda bugged. visually.
	i am stuck in sex for deny?? when i'm about to climax
	another test i stuck at climax 5?
	
	Can resisting sex with random alleyway npc's be a thing again. The only time I can resist sex is with Brax, slaves with the "use you" permission and I think(?) the succubus in the dark alleyway. With the submissive non-con fetish being a thing now I would love more opportunities to use it.
	
	The books and your encyclopedia are saved to the "properties" file within the data folder which isn't attached to your actual save file. (Change?)
		I like the Encyclopedia being there, (Since it tracks what I've witnessed in ANY save) but the books/knowledge should probably be save-specific.
	
	One Bug that seems to have appeared is in the character creation menu.
	 When you are selecting your level of sexual experience, if your have a penis no matter what you pick it says that you are a virgin.
	  I think this might have something to do with the penis virginity section as when you select max sexual experience it does say that you have lost your mouth virginity, just not your genitals' virginity.
	   When you have a vagina, it does give your virginity's status, but if you are bi then it says you lost your virginity to a guy in a club's restroom and a your first girlfriend on two separate lines {I'm pretty sure you can only lose your virginity once :) }.
	
	I noticed a problem with strings that get cut off after certain characters. For instance, when you want to name a room "Scarlett's Room" (which is, IMO, not such an unusual way to name a room), everything after the apostrophe will be cut off and the room is now simply named "Scarlett". Same thing happens with savegame names.
	
	- I will try to make the sex system a little smoother in future; including adding little 'displace/remove' buttons to the clothing icons (you can strip them all in one go using the 'Unequip all (them)' action int eh inventory). ^^
- I'll add the ability to shift your body parts while a demon soon! :3
- The 'too loose' effect is only meant to be in effect if your penis is quite a bit smaller than the orifice's capacity. I'll take another look at their starting values. :3
- I will definitely add latex clothing and an associated fetish later on! ^^
- I'll add tooltips to the minimap as well; good idea! :3
	
	Chair Sex:
	- Submissive & rough talk options aren't associated with submissive & dominant fetishes.
	- No option to finger partner.
	- No option to get pussy stuffed with tail.
	
	Ralph's Discount:
	- Ralph probably shouldn't strip off the player's clothes.
	
	
	1) Brax doesn't know how to handle a gal in a chastity belt if he wins. I had one on to protect my precious virginity and he just kind of hung out instead of doing anything. 

	2) Submitting to other characters (again in a chastity belt) seems to not result in anal, pretty much at all. It doesn't appear in the sex options for a lot of the positions as the dominant partner, either. That may be working as intended, but I can't quite tell.
	
	Perhaps Lusty maidens shouldn't beg to have thier vaginal virginity taken? That derived fetish seems like they'd be more likely to beg to have their other holes used instead.
	
	While the button indicates it would return the flames originally spent when purchasing a room upgrade, it instead removes the same amount once more. This is especially problematic with crazy expensive things like the obedience trainer
	
	Use tabs for slavery
	
	Forced transformations should avoid transforming the type of your genitalia with that preference selected, but they *should* be transforming your genitalia's non-racial properties. I'll look into this and make sure it's working properly, thank you for the report! ^^
	
	
	Make Rose's scenes match her personality
	Update Lilaya scene
	Add Lilaya content for each stage of main quest
	
	Displace/remove clothing in sex as a single button on clothing
	
	one other thing i noticed not on that list, in previous versions, when i got to 80-100 arousal in sex, partners would nearly always tell me if they wanted me to cum inside or out.
	 in this version, sometimes they do, sometimes they don't, but it's a lot less common. 
	not saying i care much whether they do or not, mainly asking if this is intentional or not.
	
	
	I noticed that when transforming nipples into nipple-cunts they are acknowledged in text, but there's no way to finger them/have them penetrated in sex actions
	
	Could we also get a bit more special dialogue for incestuous sex? After incestuous sex starts they sound just the same as sex with ordinary npc's, pet name calling from children and mentions of their relationship as child and parent could be enough.
	
	NPCs still use finger-in-mouth somehow...
	
	: Transformation Test Subject should probably reverse or at least lessen the affection loss towards Lilaya. Currently, it's just the normal -5 affection to Lilaya with each session regardless of whether or not a slave has said fetish
	
	add in manual font selection
	
	Left: map
	Right: characters present, slavery manager, copy dialogue, save/load indication, menu
	
	add the ability to strip enchantments when I add in clothing enchantment mechanics 
	
	I haven't had any encounters/interactions with offspring either (in any version of the game), even with the Incest option turned on.
	I'll change this so that you can always encounter them, but sexual dialogue/options will be disabled if you have incest turned off
	
	even though I don't have a vagina I can get the virgin fetish with enchanted random kink
	
	Chastity cage & belt still allows some forms of masturbation
	
	Rough talk that does not degrade the Submissive? (Not using words like slut, bitch etc?)
	
	You can indefinitely delay either/both characters from climaxing by repeatedly displacing clothing.
		
	-re:sex partner not responding, not sure what's going on, but it apparently is doing something just not printing the text for it.
	 it is not uncommon for me to get "x is lubed y" messages when the partner's action is blank, as if they're rubbing their pussy/ass against my cock.
	  i'd also mentin that it's mostly in doggy style, though i only generally use that and recieving oral.

	-until there's some sort of strap-on, women using anal fetish tease and talking about fucking your ass don't really make sense.
	
	-could it be possible, perhaps after getting observant & deflowering, to tell if someone's mouth/ass/breasts(and dick now that you've added that) are virgin?
	
	I started a new game and I went to the slavers place, the guy there was acting like I already finished the slavers quest and I had full access to the slave content.
	
	Comments:
	-exe version still doesn't want to work on a 32-bit system. specific error message: "This version of %1 is not compatible with the version of Windows you're running. Check your computer's system information to see whether you need a x86(32-bit) or x64(64-bit) version of the program, and then contact the software publisher." so this is me contacting you. :P not a major bug, the jar still works, just thought i'd point it out.
	
	-the tooltips for backgrounds in character creation aren't large enough to see everything being a soldier gives. it's fine for the rest, i think, but that one gets cut off.
	
	-can we have some way of seeing the entire current map? i.e. when standing on the street, showing the entire city map but not the maps for the mansion or harpy nests or such. maybe an option in the cellphone? naturally would be limited to what you've explored, unless you've got debug mode on, but still useful.
	
	Can you be in a submissive role with your children? I've noticed that the player character only takes the role of dominant, theres no alternative to submit to them.
	
	-might i suggest some tweaking of kate's services? as is it takes money for each step of the process, i.e. 200 for making your iris glow, 200 for making them heterochromatic, 200 for changing the second iris color, and 200 for making that glow, for a total of 800.
	maybe add a "buy" button on the left side, either under the description, or make it where the price is, make it only clickable after changing the options to the right, and only actually changing your appearance and charging the fee once you hit buy.
	--also, can we get a sclera(the area around the iris, typically white) color option?
	-would also like an option in transformative elixirs to have cross/plus(combination of vertical and horizontal) irises/pupils.
	
	-would a potion or transformation option to restore the drinker's virginity(s) be too cheaty?
	
	The only options given for getting a discount from ralph are "Do nothing" and "Calm down" you can still earn a 25% discount by just spamming the options until he's done but other than that you have no agency in the scene.
	Also when your penis is getting lubricated by your own precum (presumably, as you will see) the message is "Your penis yourcum" or something like that. It's weird.
	Additionally: It's impossible to lose penis virginity.
	Another bug, it seems that "shemale reactions" are disabled? Maybe i'm just encountering NPCs with an eye for the bulge but I recall NPCS being surprised that I'm a shemale. Not seeing that anymore.
	No one seems to react to me being a trap anymore either so I assume it's a bug. I seem to remember this happening in a previous build. I also have invincible penile virginity.
	
	sticky + oily cum? (and tapered + flared penises)
	
	I need to add a more general way to make demons change their body parts, so that you can order them to do it once you've taken them as slaves
	
	 I think the pc is submissive and kneeling to perform oral but dominant partner does not remove clothing to reveal sexual organs.  The scene just stayed in limbo after that.
	
	Cum on back is a repeatable action
	"Manage Clothing" is also repeatable
	
	i imported from previous patch and i still seem to have my slaves O.O
	
	Pressing enter while in a gender pronoun field takes you to a blank page
	
	Urethra stuff:
	why can you only change those when you have a penis, it's not like women and don't have an urethra
	
	slave obedience stuck at 99.600006
	
	Also, seeing NPC's show up from time to time with oddly long fractional numbers, such as vaginal capacity being displayed as 7.2000003 inches. So far I only see it happen with capacities if ever, in fact.
	
	Public stocks seem to ignore gender settings, specifically permitting NPC's to spawn that shouldn't according to the gender preferences menu. 
	
	in m/m sex scenes I saw npcs getting fairly confused when they are on top and they decide to move you back to a wall. With no vagina to penetrate they often perform only generic actions like kissing or jerking off.
If I can give a suggestion, in these situations they could perform some frotting or decide to change position.
	
	ornaments or clothing for racially blocked slots, horseshoes, wraps, bangles, plumage ornamentation.
	
	 Just want to let you know that the condom belt bug still exists in 1.88.1 Once the player acquires more than 8 used condoms, the player's clothing inventory screen stops displaying. Consuming one to bring the number to 8 or lower allows the worn items to be seen again. This is not the worn inventory showing all blank boxes, but rather the worn not showing at all, and just showing like the default map.
	
	In the newest version, requesting a position your partner doesn't want usually causes them to break and do nothing for a while.
	
	in the latest version after clicking resume it resets all "my" fetishes
	
	I'll add "butch" to the list of possibilities for NPCs to transform you into
	
	I don't know if anyone else mentioned this, but when I try to take off any witches clothing my character was wearing while importing nothing happens. Then when I take off a non witch clothing, the witch clothing that I tried to unequip disappears and doesn't show up in my inventory.
	
	inverted nipples
	
	When I attempted to open the fetishes page, the game crashed.
	
	-having sex with a pregnant slave from an imported save isn't fully detected - if you cum inside them the game says they have a chance of becoming pregnant, even though they already are. This is from a 187.7 export.

-Having a slave drink a tf potion when in a different slaves room has some of the descriptor text go to the incorrect slave. The TFs still go to the correct slave, it's just weird reading how one slave is transforming and then a different slave starts transforming. This applies only to some feature TFs, not all of them. Example A-Player is in Slave X's room. Slave Y drinks potion that adds extra breasts, lipples, and internal muscles to nipples. Description text will say that Slave Y got extra breasts and lipples, but slave X gets internal nip muscles. 


During sex, "Repeat Actions" tab contains entries to repeat shifting clothing and "Stay in position" when you cum.


Something else that looks like a repeated continuity bug from previous builds: When importing slaves from character export files (using the auction block), their genital stats are listed as undiscovered, even if the slave is initially wearing no obstructing clothing.


-can i ask how damage resistance is supposed to work? it seems to be a straight percentage, but if it were, higher than 100resistance would mean you take 0 of that type of damage, but i've got over 150 will resist and i still take direct will damage. not much, less than 1 per attack, usually, but still. if it's supposed to compete with the opponents damage stat, so if their damage% is higher than your resist%, you still take damage, that's sensible and less of an issue. still an issue, though as i keep taking the above damage from someone with only 130 will damage%. if, on the other hand, resistance is capped, so you can never block all damage, which again makes sense, then it is probably working right and you can ignore this.

-after getting scarlett as a slave, i went into permissions and changed what she should call me. typed it into the box, and pressed the checkmark a few times. when i then went to talk to her, she's still calling me by name. this strikes me as a bug, unless it's due to her being "defiant".

-at first i thought it was just because i was only having sex with people outside, but even when doing it with slaves, i haven't seen any sign of the "missionary" position. the patch notes have you adding an action to that position, so i assumed it was accessible.

-right after turning brax into bree, it acts like you have a choice between having sex or leaving, but there is no leave button.

Comments:
-can we possibly get something more permanent to tell us we've quicksaved? maybe have the notice stay on screen until we do something, at least. the current message is brief enough that it can be missed if you're not paying enough attention.
-maybe something similar for quickloading? it's usually obvious, but sometimes not.

-a slight issue with remove all, more of a minor annoyance than anything. sometimes, depending on what they are wearing it'll say something like "you pull down their pantyhose, you remove their panties, you replace their pantyhose. you remove their pantyhose." maybe tweak it so it check for blocks and removes the blocking clothes before the blocked ones?

-one thought i had to make the observant perk more obviously useful is to add gender to the list of characters present in the top right. so instead of saying "Scarlett - Harpy" or "A cat-girl - Cat-girl", it'll say something like "Scarlett - Shemale Harpy" or "A cat-girl - Tomboy Cat-girl".
-might also want to tweak what it says for randos, so it doesn't just say their race twice like that.

-maybe add a eat/drink/absorb 5 button for consumables?

-is there any way to reduce the cost of using fetish teases, as there is for spells?



The buggy TF description modifiers (not sure if there's more I missed)
-Tongue bifurcation
-puffy
-Internal ribbing
-internal muscle
-Internal tentacles
-Barbed Dick
-Flared Penis head
-knotted dick
-prehensile dick
-external ribbing
-external tentacles
-dick sheath
-dick tapering
	
	Suggestion: if it's not in, NPC giving multibreast TF.  If it is in, double-checking it's numbers.  I can't say in hours of playing the game that I've ever seen it happen if it's in.
	
	slave dialogue
	
	Doggy-style (oral)
	Anilingus should be available in face-to-wall too
	
	I can't seem to access the character details page at all for Lilaya or Rose
	
	Lilaya starts passionately kissing your exposed breasts, breathing in your command_unknown as she desperately presses her delicate lips against your skin. Pushing your chest out into her face, you let out a desperate squeal as you plead for her to continue.
	
	I will definitely add more functionality to the slave UI (such as being able to order them by name/stats). :3

I'll add descriptions for tasting the lubrication types on your fingers; great idea
	
	It seems that your partner will always cry out for your cum even though your character doesn't have a penis.
	
	Addiction will disappear if you wait beyond lvl 5 addiction withdrawal, removing both the withdrawal and addiction.
	
	When are freckles/beauty marks/skin blemishes going to be added?
	
	I feel like Horse Pussy should be innately muscled
	
	Requests not working?
	
	one or two more buttons on the sex UI over menu to cover the last 2-3 unique options taken
	I think having it record three of your past actions would be great, five would be ideal. If not that's fine, was just wondering if it could make it easier to access my favorite actions.
	5 [5] repeats
	10
	
	if you're doing that, might i suggest a fetish for talking? dirty/rough talking is another sex action that doesn't have a fetish to prevent corruption gain.
	
	No options sometimes
	
	Have an interesting bug where all of my equipped items have disappeared. One moment they were there, now every slot is empty except for my on hand off hand weapons. Was using the condom belt and have 9 in inventory so far, but no item overflow occured.  
I am pretty sure i didn't hit unequip all and then walk away from it, because there are none of my old items in my basic inventory.  
Okay, just purchased and equipped a new condom belt, it vaporizes into the aether.  Drinking a condom made just the belt reappear, but adding a new condom this time caused the entire inventory (clothing equipped) to not show when i press the inventory button.
	
	need to get individual hand lubrications sorted
	
	I'll look into adding multiple types of horns for each race
	
	I will add a way to take charge in the "slave initiates sex" scenes ^^
	
	add a related fetish to allow for corruption-free vaginal sex
	
	when you have sex and orgasm, you get almost 4 hours of the "strengthened aura" effect, which prevents you from gaining essence from your orgasms until it fades. is it intended that orgasming while you have that effect resets it's timer, without giving essence? because it is quite annoying to have 5 minutes left of it, have sex with someone, and suddenly be back to 4 hours until i can gain more essence that way.
	
	-exe version seems to require a 64-bit environment, which is troublesome for those of us with 32-bit. this was tru in the previous public version too.

	-special teases seem to mis-judge how much damage they'll do. i.e. before using them they say ~20-25 damage, but using one, on someone with the appropriate opposite fetish(sub tease on dom, etc), does ~13 WP damage. and the opponent has -50% WP resistance, is bisexual, and does not have any effects or anything i can see that would reduce WP damage.
	-similarly, there are other tooltips that display the wrong value. enchanting price, for instance, seems to mostly be wrong whether you have the transformer perk or not.
	
	-i am somewhat annoyed by how lilaya keeps pulling my pants down and my underwear aside, despite my underwear being crotchless, my pants unzipped, and my dick already in her.
	 maybe have it check if clothes even need to be displaced before it tries to?
	
	-event log is still running behind the times, though it only seems to happen once there are a lot of events listed. not that that takes long as nothing seems to remove events from the log, and loading a save makes the event log show all the events it did when the save was made.
	
	-i have had several defeated sex partners that after a bit, have stopped doing anything. that is, a standard sex turn has text of you doing something, ongoing effects, them doing something, ongoing effects.
	 for some reason, the them doing something area winds up being blank.
	
	-quickloading is somewhat better now, but now the minimap sometimes stops updating when quickloading.
	
	as far as other non-bug ideas:
	-one small idea i had was to have one store, maybe near the entrance, that will buy anything at all you have to sell, rather than having different stores buy different things.
	-also, maybe having buttons when you're standing outside of the stores that let you jump directly to other stores, rather than going back to the entrance, then to the store?
	
	also, the unresponsive partners thing seems to mainly happen to me with defeated randoms when neither of us is doing anything ongoing(partner is forbidden self actions) and i'm mainly hitting "calm down" over and over, since i don't want to cum due to the strengthened aura bug mentioned below.
	
	-global resist seems to do nothing from any source, while global damage seems to increase both "Pure" damage and resist, at lease according to the pop-up that shows when hovering over my name.
	
	Comments:
	-in enchanted potions, would it be possible to combine similar effects, so that rather than having a potion that says "+1 fitness" a dozen or so times over and over, just says "+12 fitness" or whatever the full value is?
	
	-in combat, maybe have the tease/spell icons under the HP/WP/SP bars in the middle of the screen be clickable to use that tease/spell?
	
	I might change that soon so that they spawn, but without any lewd options if you have incest turned off
	
	The subject for Lilaya's testing seems to be the last character you talked to rather than the slave the slavery overview says it's being done to.
	
	So the girls I meet have "one pair of average-sized tits" even with multi-breasts on, and maximum furry preferences 
	
	There is a bug where trying to get the discount at Ralph's Snacks freezes the game
	
	Got a bug, when i was sucking a witches cock she said "Put out i don't want to taste your cum "
	
	So, while riding my son's cock, kissing him and fingering my own ass, he tells me to pull out because he doesnt want to taste my cum :stuck_out_tongue:
	Also, condom belts when removed during sex are called microskirts
	it was fixed by removing an item of clothing
	
	Add orgasm/pullout actions & cum-soaked effects
	One of the annoying things NPCs can do is to pull away when they orgasm while being roughly fucked. This is merely text related but I don't want to be pulled out, I want them to deal with it without "pushing my hips away"
	
	STORY
	
	"dirty talker" fetish - increases NPC dirty talk
	
	analingus toggle in the content-settings
	
	I just can't wait to have the option back to have your partner cum in your hand... and then finger yourself
	leg locking
	knotting & mutual knotting
	Struggling to get the flare into tight orifices
	chastity cage orgasm denial
	orgasm denial
	cunnilingus/anilingus on creampied orifice
	want tongue length to factor into cunnilingus.
	
	STORY
	
	suck on nipples
	I'll definitely be reworking a few of the actions in sex, and I'll most likely make masturbation an ongoing action as you suggest. ^^
	I'll also try and do the same for nipple/breast play. :3
	
	
	Sex:
		submissive sex with slaves
		And I will get submissive sex with your offspring added for the next release! :3
		rimming
		hotdogging & intercrural
		urethra fucking
		better cumshot hit-detection for more messy and consequential sex
		cum infaltion & puddles
		Add more reveal reactions & tidy them up
		
	Sex AI:
		Brax anal: he's not doing those either, regardess of what I suggest.
		I have a minor problem with the recent hotfix, though, it seems like all NPCs tend to do p(n)aizuri in my kneeling pose, even if they have an oral fetish.
			 I had almost 50 fights already, and I haven't been fed cum in a single one of them, which makes me sad and hungry.
		I just tried to use a condom and not pull out with Lilaya and yet the game reacted as if it was not there. (duplicate report from someone with brax)
		selecting fingering overrides kissing. It's either or
		I'll get it fixed for the next version so that if you request anal (and they're not being rough/doing whatever they want), they'll always go for that first
			Worth noting, at least in what I've tested NPC's will almost never choose anal; to the point of a doll NPC with the buttslut fetish in the dominant role starting cowgirl and then kissing until the scene ends, which seems like it's probably not the intended behavior.
		It looks like a bug crept in where it's not correctly accounting for the sub resisting during sex scenes and displaying the right dialogue for that.
		In several cases you have the NPC or PC acting as if they're in a different pace other than the resisting one.
		One small bug or confusing mix up I have noticed is that slaves who hate me but are obedient do a weird thing in sex where they do the "no, please don't" line before sex,
			then enjoy every second of the pounding and beg me to do it more, then "sob with relief" when I'm done. It's a bit jarring. Other than that I've encountered no bugs.
		Brittany's other sex positions don't show until selecting doggy style, which for me was the only initial sex position
		When you are the submissive partner during sex, you are still given the option to pull out when you orgasm even when there's nothing to pull out from.
		NPCs seem to almost exclusively prioritize playing with their breasts
		Do deflowering fetish AIs prioritize removing virginity?  If yes, are they coded to do so for penile virginity if they have a vagina?
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	
	Slaves in the export file don't retain their family relations from the previous game. So if you have some Lilaya's daughter working as her assistant, then after exporting her with your character she isn't her daughter anymore.
	
	
	How about some slaves being possessive over you? Example for this: They get jealous when noticing you've been having sex with someone else and jumps you to dominate you for that reason? Maybe an added Possession kink to those who would do that.
BlobPeek1
16 November 2017
[03:51] the sarssol: we really oughta be able to call slaves to our room/mess with the slave menus from our room
[04:54] Leob70: I'd also like my less obedient or dominant slaves to "visit" me when I rest.
	
	
	if a demon has the tf fetish they dont tf you when you lose.
	
	slaves with the tf fetish shouldn't lose obedience for acting as test subjects
	
	Every now and then, me or my parftner will be stuck with the current number displayed until we orgasm again.
	If I orgasm at 100 and my partner at 98 or something, if I spam a button, occasionally it locks it there on the screen 
	However, I can still force another one if I spam an action, which will eventually cause a second orgasm followed by a count reset 
	
	
	Is it possible that there will eventually be a forced TF gender preference system
	
	is it possible to add a cumulative line to the sex stats page for cum given/taken?  It's not super important or anything just would be kind of neat to see without adding it all up
	
	By the way, I guess it's known but you never know.. : A slave got another slave pregnant but the UI says I impregnated her and that I had children with her, although .. Not really, I don't even have a dieck
	
	my slave is anal and breast virgin whenever she is ambushing me... then I deflower that... and next time I meet her it's back ... LOL yaay deflowering 
	
	Make "use you" affect dominion too
	
	Enchant : If you click "Add" then "increase potency" you spend more essence but the result is the same as before you increase the potency.... umm basicly , the moment you click "Add"  is where the potions potency multiplier stops working , but essence is still spent as it would be for  a higher potency potion.
	
	when they hate you deeply they will be like "Who's the slave now?" and when they start liking you it changes to "Stay still and enjoy this" 
	
	: Just a reminder you can still undress rose on the hand holding sesion
	
	It'd be great to make it so when you make someone drink a transformative potion with random racial transformations, it would try to only transform what is existing, because 3/4 of my potion went into some "... already lacks/has ... so nothing happens " 
	
	Odd. I just had a female character push my male character's face against the wall with intent to fuck him. She didn't have the necessary equipment, obviously... so she started riding his cock somehow, without turning him around?
	
	
	could we get the replacement of displaced clothes as a slave permission toggle? Sorta like whether they are allowed to wash themselves?
		that way you could pull down a maids blouse then order her to go about her day and duties with her tits out of her uniform.
	
	
	When the feminine transformation slave event drops, it's reporting that "Lilaya tested some very intrusive transformations on the cat-girl", regardless of actual race or gender of the slave (in this case, a horse-boy and cow-boy).

Edit: Also, when enchanting a Sugar Carrot Cube, I'm apparently able to enchant a Horse-Morph Horns transformation. If I do this, it has the expected effect (remove horns), but it's still reporting wrong on the enchanting screen.
	
	The new position selection is not working as it should, even if the npc has an valid fetish, 90% of the time it chooses the "back to the wall" position, even in situations that is not possible to start penetrative sex in this position.
	
	When you try to have sex with slaves and their obedience is too low, they will try to be the ones in charge, giving the player the option to accept or resist. Maybe if the permission 'Use you' is turned on?
	
	It seems that the position request is not working, i tried on a lot of different enemies with different fetishes, but they never accept those requests.
	
	add the ability to assign slaves to your room
	
	The Unisex accesories part of Nyan's store has too many items and it looks like some of the enchanted versions are cut off and not shown
	
	Hey, just wondering. Are horns always only going to be available as white?
	Also, I would like to suggest we get a dang color changing potion soon. The shop is expensive and charges immediately rather than letting you pick and choose a shopping list to decide before executing
	
	Kate:
		: Just make sure they're a confirmation before the purchase/change. Preferably in bulk, so you if you're about to over spend you can reprioritize
	
	When you get forceflly transformed, specifically with breasts.
It says "and grown larger" instead of have or has or some other sentence correction
	
	add in an option to enable scaled NPC leveling soon
	
	Every time they try to turn me into a male of a different species (or any gender that has a penis), the only thing that will change is the penis.
		On repeat transformations they will change several things but this initial first encounter always only changes the penis type even if you have the TF fetishes. Not sure if this is by design or a bug.
		Also it should be noted that if they just want to change the size then usually at least one other transformation will occur. But again, if they're changing the type it's always only going to be that one change.
	
	Will there be a way to "free" slaves so you can either encounter them locally/get rid of them? Despawning children would be nice too.
	
	I haven't clearly telegraphed that (spoiler) all of the witches are futa, but I'll add that in for the next version
	
	ill just put this here to look back to : Slave "Use you" preferably make it a request from slave with the Dominant/submissive option after you Accept . :sweat_smile:  im not realy sure i like my slaves jumping me and pinning me down :joy: . and i feel Mistery Kink is a bit too rare , with Innoxias gift at least ya know succubus drops it with a chance if u keep at it .
	
	Washing restores HP
	
	A lot of the transformations that NPCs force on you seem to affect gender more than anything else. Any chance that they'd tell you what they're planning to turn you  into? I think some of them say so if you spit the potion out.
	What brings this up specificaaly, is that I don't want my characters gender/genitals to change. maybe the toggle tf option could have a toggle tg option?
	
	Not sure if it's on the list, but during sex the titlebar "Sex: Face-to-Face", doesn't reflect the actual positions of the scene anymore.
	
	Trying to change my name softlocks the whole game
	i cant leave the "change your name" screen at all, even via menus
	
	I'll also make a week-long vote tomorrow asking Epic & Legendary patrons which of the last two major features I should work on in 0.1.9 (mutliple-partner sex or stat & combat rework), as well as what character/area of the game I should focus on in 0.1.89. :3
	
	Couple of minor bugs relating to sex acts, the first is that the essences gained is still not showing the right number gained, the second is that dom sex is not being recorded as being with that NPC.
	
	I'm talking about getting them on their knees as a sub.  Last we checked you'd locked that to oral performers, though it would make sense for breast fetishists as well.
	That was the only position that most AIs would refuse to take.
	(Even ones where they'd be unable to engage in any act, like face to all when partner has no cock.)
	I don't know how much was changed with the big AI refactor though.
	I haven't tested it yet.
	
	Events for slaves
	
	Use you
	House freedom
	
	add a 'Cowgirl (bottom)' position for dominant sex as soon as I can
	
	: Did you get the breast fetishests to actually use kneeling now?
	Oh, so oral performers are still more into breastplay than breast fetishests?
	
	Also, unsure if this is intentional or a bug, or even how long its been around, but it that appears NPC's also don't keep their desired 'form' for transforming you when you re-load a game. 
	i.e. a NPC used to be trying to make the PC a cat-morph, after a reload, they try to make PC a squirrel morph.
	
	Added basic transformative effects to events for slaves with feminine and masculine testing permissions enabled while working as a test subject. (Will be improved upon for Friday.)
	
	thigh sex
	
	Cosmetics for slaves
	
	
	Kind of a late bug report for 1.87, but I noticed that anal virginity might not be properly retained for slaves on character export.
	 I had a slave who I could have sworn still had her anal virginity, yet after exporting the character file (both created and exported in 1.87.1), her appearance screen no longer states the "She has retained her anal virginity" line.
	   It might be one of those odd bugs where the game shows different information irrespective of the export's information since the file still has a virgin="true" flag for anus.
	
	Bug (Hotfix version): Slave Scarlett isn't attracted to me, so the slave interaction is "rape" not "sex" - however, when choosing it, Scarlett engages in consensual sex with all of what that means:
	 no resisting, unlimited orgasms, etc.
	
	
	
	obviously we can get tfed normally by potions and stuff but I was thinking "what if slimes themselves could also slowly tf us~"(edited)
	say like if you fuck or get fucked by a slime you get a status effect called covered in slime/a better name than that~(edited)
	and it stacks a lot
	and once you max it out you'll start gaining slime parts~ :3
	as you get more it'll start messing with you and it'll be blantently obvisous if you don't wash it off something is going to happen to you~
	and the process of turning into one this way could be very pleasureable as it melds with your body and starts turning the rest of you into a slime~ :3(edited)
	in part with this~ I was thinking of a possible slime npc/entire slime family/cult of slimes that could have a scene of constantly using you with futa cocks until you become a slime
	
	
	During exhibitionism: while travelling in open map, a rare chance of a passer-by groping the NPC's exposed parts
	
	Sort out Cultist sex actions
		Dirty talk
		Orgasm is them masturbating over your face/cumming inside you
			Orgasm is not working well atm
		Virginity loss
	Some of the content hasn't been properly edited/proofread.
	
	
	
	split up the second set of parsing options into player and npc variants
	
	Also it seems like there's a pretty huge penalty to affection and obedience when you slap a collar on someone.
	 Which... makes sense. But it seems like that penalty should vary depending on fetishes. Submissive people take a much smaller penalty.
	  Dominant people take a much larger one. Maybe a special 'pet' fetish where someone fantasizes about being property to the point they get a bonus when enslaved.
	
	A (hopefully) small thing that would to me make far more sense when dealing with slaves would be to have an inventory option when interacting with slaves directly (clicking on their name when in their room) would be very useful. I always default to clicking on my slaves' names when I want to give them something.
	
	 i dont think it been mentioned yet in the past but i encountered a bug where getting knocked up by ralph led me to giving birth to a pair of squirrel children when im pure human and hes a pony hehe

	Make way to change date in new game & in buggy menu
	
	-"Global Resist" bonuses from equipment do not actually seem to do anything at all. It certainly doesn't actually show up anywhere in my stats, including when I hover over my name. "Global" DMG/Resist from fetishes or other sources may or may not do anything, I really can't tell.

	-Sometimes quick-loading can eventually cause the game to become somewhat unresponsive. Tooltips still pop up, and buttons still change when you hover over them, but nothing reacts when clicked, nor when the appropriate key is pressed. Loading is similarly blocked. The only fix I've found is to close the game and go back. Fortunately does not seem to occur when resuming the game after re-opening, so you don't lose much progress. It seems to mostly occur when loading the game while in a conversation(in a store, in/just before a fight/etc), but occasionally at other points.(And I do mean loading, I did save in a safe place.) Also, usually it lets you do some things after loading before it kaputs, so it's unpredictably annoying.
	
	-Hovering over the partner's arousal bar in sex makes it flicker wildly, and does not show a pop-up.
	
	-The event log is one behind what actually happened. I.E. I level up and raise all my stats by 1, it shows strength and intelligence but not fitness, if I then go in and raise strength by 1 more, fitness going up now shows but the second strength raise doesn't.
	
	-After a fight, my current flames seems to go up more than it says it should, for no apparent reason. I.E. start with 14, win a fight, it says I gain 46 and should be 60, I actually have 94.
	
	-The "Observant" perk's "Gender Detection" function doesn't seem to actually do anything, but this might just be me missing some fine detail. Where exactly is this supposed to show up?
	
	I may have forgotten others, but I've also got a few comments/questions:
	-Where are the race lore books? The only one I've found is the harpy one that you are given in harpy nests.
	-Encyclopedia does not show stats for clothing, only colors.
	-Is there a reason the city map is randomized with each new game?
	-Can we please get a "Drop All" button in main inventory in our room? So we can store all the items in our inventory, rather than just 1 type of item at a time.
	--Similarly, a "Sell All" in stores to sell everything that store will buy.
	---To note, for these I mean in the same screen as the "Take All", "Displace All", "Replace All", etc.
	
	And, of course, I think of something else right after I post that.
	-Can we get a change of priority for the "Effects" icons, particularly in sex? If you get too many fetishes, the icons for those push the icons for ass/mouth/boobs/pussy status down to where you have to scroll to see them.
	And as soon as you do any actions, it scrolls back up to the top of the effects.
	
	Playing as a male, wearing a chastity cage, and with zero output of sperm I somehow still manage to dirty the chastity device even though the text describes the inability to produce cum.
	
	And another one about sex
	-Whether you and your partner come together can effect which orgasm scenes you are able to see. I've mainly noticed it when getting a blowjob while dominant, coming together prevents the choices for deepthroat and facial from showing up. May be others, but I either haven't seen them or narrowed them down yet.
	
	Found another one I had not seen previously.
	-I ran into a succubus daughter named Shawna, and after having sex with her nipples it says "Shawna's Nipple Virginity was taken by Shawna", pretty much every time she reveals them.
	 Considering my name is not Shawna, this is both inaccurate and annoying to have it show up every single time she takes off her bra.
	
	
	it's a little odd to see text about what someone's semen is like before they've had an orgasm
	
	
	EDIT 2: So, I did some experimenting with the enchantments, and I think there's a bug with how the transformer fetish works. Normally, it should halve the cost (from 6 to 3, for example).
	 Well, it displays that halved number, but then it halves it again. So, if something costs 3 essences, it'll only count 1 when you add the effect.
So basically, the transformer fetish actually reduces the cost of enchantments by 75% instead of 50%. Although I'm glad that the grinding is even more reduced, I assume that this is unintended behavior, so I'll count it as a "good" bug.
	
	when im receiving doggystyle, id like the option of a back Arch
	
	 I can't actually forbid my slave to undress during sex. Or forbid self-penetrative acts, for that matter.
	
	: I had a bug where some of my fetish teases like the cum stud tease weren't available on an imported character that had the fetish. But resetting my fetishes and buying them back fixed the issue. I'm assuming there was an update to some of the tease mechanics?
	
	BUGS & SEX
	
	You are unable to go more then one round during sex anymore with anybody who wants it, once both are done so is the encounter. The location screen is not updating with number of times you have had sex either
	
	change offspring to imps for the next update
	
	Two quick notes, for you next release. One adjust the text for post sex to reflect the new levels for essences. The second is a bit harder, make it so the first time you read the race books in a game you get the Int bonus, that way you can get it every game and not just the first game you read the book.
	
	Can the succubi still grow a cock once enslaved
	
	character creation virginity tooltips all say anal virginity kept
	
	importing makes my character have every single fetish
	
	Apparently the height of male kids with both very tall parents wraps around back to midget values
	
	before having TF fetish cost to remove penis is 7 essence, and after it shows as 3, therefore having halved it, and then when added to the effects, it halves it again to 1
	
	Why does a topless exhibitionist in backless panties have more willpower damage bonus than one in crotchless panties or one just going commando? She actually has +16 total to it (+4 for breasts and +12 for general nudity), and one going commando has only the +12 bonus for full frontal nudity. The same goes for the player character as for the NPCs.
	It's as if the topless bonus was counted twice for that particular case.
	
	When I import my character from last version, it gives me all fetishes except the two transformation ones.
	
	Hostile encounters in a non-hostile tile will cause the relevant NPC to remain in the tile indefinitely, with little if any interactions to do with them.
	
	"Store All" when in your room. Individually pressing buttons is a bit too much on the micromanaging side.
	
	The Viscous and Sticky cum modifiers should make the creampied status last for longer
	
	add an option to reduce the encounter of Offspring
	
	Those with the Transformation Test Subject Fetish will automatically swallow transformation pills.
	
	Oh yes the other thing I can not seem to feed Scarlet any potions to mod her
	
	sort of a bug descripting error. When you have a breeding bitch walking around and you ignore her for a few days to let one of your slave studs knock her up.
	 She blames you for being the dad even though you and she know you didn't have sex with her. not sure how to fix it
	
	For me the people that I get pregnant stay pregnant. To prove if it wasn't just my mind I rested for 32 days and I check my pregnancy stats to see that all the women I impregnated are still pregnant.
	
	Found a bug: If you play as a male and have a male and a female slave and both are allowed to have sex with each other and the female gets pregnant, she says the child if from the PC but it's not listed (obviously cuz the whole thing makes no sense^^) on the fathered children stats.
	
	I will definitely be improving the AI in sex over these next two weeks. I'll also add an event for the "Use You" permission for slaves (I didn't get time to add it in just yet).
	
	One thing that I'll do right away, however, is your suggestion for the orientation changes. I'll give it an associated essence cost, as well as giving ambiphilic some sort of buff.
	
	Vixen's Virility doesn't increase virility at all. 
	
	changing slaves permissions affect obedience/affection?
	
	I think the forced transformations are bugged, every time I get forced TFd by an NPC only one, maximum two transformations happen despite me having the subject fetish.
	
	Must they always patronise your size?. I went as large as the game will let me and it's still 'cute' and 'little'.
	
	Besides that, I have an export with a slave that had 100 for affection and obedience drop to the negatives for affection and mid 80's for obedience the moment I was able to move them to a room (after unlocking slave content since you still have to do that when importing). 
	
	-I noticed that importing a character and skipping the intro leaves you with an empty inventory and no currency. Importing a character and doing the prologue gives a similar result except you have a burning opaque demonstone equipped and have 40 currency. A new character doesn't have these issues. 

	-My imported character also started with nearly all fetishes enabled except for the transformer and transformation test subject fetishes.
	
	- Minor bug this time, but it appears NPC's are once again calling large dicks small, the only time the seem to acknowledge it as 'big' is when the game is describing it as 'enormous'.
	
	The bug is that all androgynous characters seem to be spawning with high femininity.
	
	-The pronouns one requires that you save your changes, the others do not.  Often leads to forgetting to save.  (You might be able to ghost the save button on the back button to save text boxes)
		-A reset to default option would be useful on the other option settings as well, given how many options there are / will be.
		-Content options still isn't inside the options menu, for some reason.
		Shouldn't resume be greyed out if there's no save to resume?
	
	BUG -- Well, more of a logic error. When a NPC transforms you and gives you a dick, they still react like they didn't expect it when they remove your clothing. And its not as if they gave you a random cocktail without knowing the results, they specifically say what they are trying to turn you into.
	
	I haven't added a fetish that avoids vaginal penetration corruption gains... Oops... I'll get this sorted as soon as I can; thank you for bringing this to my attention
	
	working in a bar/brothel/milking shed, training
	
	It seems that the stretching mechanic doesn't work right in this version, but is fine in the previous version.
	
	Some of the items aren't properly configured to be able to be used on NPCs during sex. I'll try and get that fixed as soon as I can!
	
	During character creation, every time you change gender or femininity, physical resistance goes up by 6. By spamming cycle gender you can easily get 100+ physical resistance.
	
	
	Debug mode still refers to enchanting being in Lilaya's house
	
	add an event where a disobedient slave working as a chef cums on your food?
	
	
	you should put the general overview option in the players room. while having the room and that slaves function be in their respective rooms. while also preventing you from changing a slave who is in another room.
	: I don't know how hard it would be to do that but I feel like while I'm in a particular room I should only be able to mess with that room. but at the same time I'd like to have a central spot to control most everything from
	
	Apparently you don't get the encylopedia entry for equipment you started with until you see them unequipped
	
	
	Events
	
	BUGS
	VERY SIMPLE "hard mode"
	
	Also, will the next release include npcs forcing the player to wear jinxed clothing (please say yes).
	
	--------
	
	Check pregnancy resolution for NPC-on-NPC (offspring might not be being cleaned up)
	
	Stocks & brothel TODO text
	
	Cosmetics in room
		the ability to pierce your slaves, so book Kate to visit and pierce them for you, so you can apply items to the piercings
	
	MILKING
	
	add milking machinery for your slaves, both in their rooms and in a dedicated milking shed
		If you have a high enough cum production or if you're pent-up enough, you can legit BREAK the Industrial Milker if you keep going, rather than stopping
	
	Sort out the mess of slavery exports/imports
		Make a new initNewGameWithImport()
	
	Add a couple more slave traders
	
	--------
	
	
	add special behaviour in alleyways/harpy nests for if you're wearing the enforcer's uniform
	
	Suggestion: Some where to remind the you that your character is max in a TF.
	  Max masculinity, max size of something, etc.  Or otherwise indicating you might be getting close.  You only get a 'potion does nothing' when you try to go passed it.
	
	Innoxia you can add enforcers as rescuers? I mean when you are raped or you rape there is chance that you be rescued (or stopped if you rape someone) by enforcers
	
	suggestion: strap-on for pix
	
	Job Suggestions: Helping out in each of the Shops... or at least the gym.
	
	Got issues with the sex AI still, and now you can't keep slaves from doing their own thing during scenes, so you can get stuck having to try and stop them from fingering you or themselves 3-5 times before they actually stop.
	
	For some reason, after I had one of my slaves fuck my character and their impregnation attempt failed, it's like they became barren and absolutely dry. o_O
	
	Refine Forced TF racial limits
	
	: I also agree with non-combat solutions.  I think that'd be great.  I end up getting "mad" that all these NPC's attack me.  If I could open up a dialog and such, trade sex for items rather than raping/stealing... something.
	   Is that just me?
	Oh, man, a Quick Defeat option would be great.  If they don't back down, you could Intimidate them.
	  If they've always lost to you, maybe they just Sumbit automatically... either by begging not to be hurt/raped or by saying "Oh, it's you?  Can we just get to the good part?" or somethhing.
	
	Suggestion: How about being able to lend your shirt or over torso wear to NPCs to raise affection?
	
	Brittany's scene seems to end after her orgasm. Not sure if intended or not.
	
	Not sure if intended, but I cannot get to a second page of options when having sex wit the three Harpies.  I think this has also happened with other fights, but I most noticed it here.
		At some point after they take off their cloths-I think... can't be sure-the second page of options opens up.

	How do you feel about offspring genders? There's quite an array available, but they only ever pick from two. It's a very small change to switch them to using the same system used for generic NPCs.
	
	Possible memory leak?
		Equipping a long sleeve dress on a trap caused a crash.
	
	new breast size: HYPER("universal", "XXXX", 101, 120) ;
	
	: That's a very good suggestion, especially the part about the selfie descriptions being a little overwhelming to read through :thinking:
	 I was considering putting a summarised version at the top
	And also, I should probably make some kind of indication for what parts are exposed in sex's status panel
	
	
	NPC likes being TF'd fetish:
		letting you use TF items on them during fights or when you're a sub partner in sex.
	
	add plasticity to the stats shown when looking at an NPC's orifices?
	
	- Perhaps a help option for some options, (he doesn't know what is an average breast size is)
	
	
	SEX
	
	My character has recently grown a dick after losing to a dog-morph (forced tf). After blowing her wad maybe once or twice since, she has been unable to cum again
	
	Fetish:
		Increases potency of forced TF potions [+3 effects each for giver & taker]
	
	NPCs will now apply all of their genital preferences to one potion. (This doesn't work, as TFs are slow!)
	Forced TF racial limits options not working yet!
	
	Not sure if this is intended, but certain races seem to be locking to certain forced TF's.
	 For example, I seem to only have female cat morphs cause a trap harpy TF, nobody else seems to want to turn my character into a trap, but on female cat morphs, it's a regular preference and it's only harpy as well.
	  Female cow morphs seem to consistently want to turn my character into a male cow morph despite their personal preferences being something entirely different. Even female/female prefence cow morphs want to turn my character into a male.
	   It seems like it's locking the preference for all characters of that type based off the first encounter.
	speeding up forced TFs received from randomly generated enemies
	
	
	
	Additions:
		Also, any follow ups on already exposed states pre combat/sex? Being an exhibitionist virtually removes all npc reactions from the game, which is wierd!

		Now that I got you thinking about dialogue, it's awesome that different characters might say "breed me" or "don't cum inside me" but I wish there was more continuity after I do or don't cum inside them.
			It would be cool to have the 'unwanted creampie' affect i.e. "wtf, I said don't cum inside assh*le!" Ya know, especially with a huge cum attribute adding, "there's no way that doesn't knock me up!" perhaps an incest optional,
				"I can't believe I'm going be bear by own dads' children!"
		bdsm equipment do anything or allow us to increase obendience
		some more piercings would be fun. Like adding Helix earrings, septum rings, Jacobs Ladder, Eyebrow Studs, Snake bite studs, e.t.c.
			 And maybe some other types of rings, like a dragon ring, a Horcrux ring, the One Ring, and other cool fantasy rings.
	
	
	Bugs:
		Feeding slave pot while in Finch's place makes some of the descriptions return Finch descriptions
		NPCs will be revolted by the cocks that they give you with transformatives, this guy gave me a potion which gave me a feline cock then took of my dress and said "What, I thought you were a good girl!" which was pretty funny actually.
		Seems the trait of having multiple rows of breasts is randomly assigned to NPCs.
			Even if I have maximum furry and multi-breast preferences, NPCs who are listed as having furry morphed breasts are still described more often than not as having "one pair" of breasts. 
		seems like none of the ladies, including broodmothers, are producing any milk after giving birth.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	MAJOR:
	
	Im not sure if loading a game is clearing all the data from the previously active load. It seems to occur when Im doing a bit of save scumming to try and get the right forced TF.
	 Each time I load the game runs slower and slower. The buttons lag and take a significantly long time to proceed.
	  It's typically resolved by closing and reopening the game completely but as the game gets larger, it could potentially be a problem. I've only tested on the .exe version of the game,
	   and so you dont think it's a computer issue, the memory usage keeps increasing per load, and Im using an upper-end machine.
	    Without getting into things in great detail it could be a potential memory leak or things arent being cleared fully from the previous session on loading.
	The only things I did between saves was spam explore, then fight, submit, see the tf, load save before sex scene if I didnt like it. This was with TF's on and a TF fetish as well. 
	
	
	
	clothing: nipple crosses on flat chests
	
	Pubic hair TF working?
	
	Do you plan to add something like "permission to have sex with you without asking"? =D Would be nice if this can happen after you went to sleep and they just join you.
	
	
	I'll add several peaceful ways to resolve conflict (pay them, allow them to fuck you, run away, intimidate them, etc.) as soon as I can! ^^
	
	
	newly grown vaginas should appear with average stats in regards to tightness, wetness, ect. Instead of the absolute minimum values
	
		
	'floppy' and 'size' ear modifiers to my todo list, so that you'll be able to get long, floppy ears
	
	ex. -1 elixir. the text come out 2 times but the effect is still 1 so no problem
	-3 elixir. the text come out 5 times but the effect is still 3 so no problem
	
	
	You seem to get lubrication alerts even when you can't see or know about the other person.
	For example:
	>Penis - Unknown!
	>The horse-girl's equine cock is quickly lubricated by the horse-girl's precum.



	I will definitely add more options for the inital encounter of NPCs. I'll add several peaceful ways to resolve conflict (pay them, allow them to fuck you, run away, intimidate them, etc.) as soon as I can! ^^
		A good idee for the "run away" action that the NPC could so iguess is; if you fought a particular NPC multiple times (say 5 times) and won those all in a row, the NPC would recognize you and atempt to flee.
		 You can then give the player a option to a)Let them go or b)stop them from fleeing. This could be tied into the Sadist perk as a added bonus, and maybe your speed/stamina stat would determine if you catch him/her or not.


	
	If you lose your character's virginity to their/someone's else tail, any kind of it - vaginal, anal or oral - then in your character's description (phone→selfie) you will have this sentence:
You lost your anal virginity to.
The first time you performed oral was to.
It lacks something before the period.
	
	cock socks
	blindfolds, chained-handcuffs, and chained-legcuffs
	Ladies dress pants
	butt-plugs, dildos
	strap on
	nipple chain
	Flip flops or sandals
	Jockstraps
	Cape & cloak
	3d arcane-viewing glasses
	Arcane Mantle in the wing slot
	front-tie crop tops
	Hunting coat, and a doublet
	Masculine ring - Signet Ring
	-A normal belted choker and plain choker (For neck)
	-leggings and crotch-less leggings (thinner than yoga pants, but not socks 
	and lower on waist than pantyhose)
	-striped, finger-less, elbow-length or arm-length gloves (To match the 
	striped socks)
	-circular glasses (think harry potter) and tinted glasses (not aviators)
	-a cock harness and a ball harness/bra (possibly BDSM)
	-a sock or legging for penises (could have hole cut out at end or not)
	-Frenum and Labia piercings (on different slot from vagina and penis 
	piercing)
	
	Nice that you can tell your kids to have a better life but...is it really better to force them to leave forever?
	 It's so heartbreaking wanting to have so many kids but being forced to choose who stays and who goes. Just cruel and pulls the heart strings.
	
	
	Investigate UI sluggishness
	
	Ummm... I'm in a scene where both arousal bars just got frozen. >.>
	It started after I used the Suck Clit command in the scene. Gonna try another and see if the issue repeats.
	No repeat. Let me see if it's tied to Denial fetish.
	X ive seen times where it looks like the other persons bar froze because i was raping them, but never my own bar
	My scene was not a rape one, but the NPC had the Denial fetish. After I used the Suck clit option, the NPC's bar froze, then when my char got to climax, that bar froze as well. o_O
	And NPC's seem to be unable to remove your bra if you remove your panties at the same time. Not sure if it's just related to the maid set or not. o_O
	I also notice that if you're wearing the maid's dress, the NPC you're in scene with will get the blocked stripes on the legs slot.
	And their blocked stripes get removed if your maid's dress is removed. lol
	
	add an item that influences your children's starting gender
	
	assign slaves to room service for a modifier to price or even a x amount of free service
	
	what about improving your bedroom for better resting perks? ( change the game so you need to rest longer to regain more) but nicer room improves the rate of health return
	
	I will definitely add options for offspring to willingly be enslaved later on. :3

	you know you can't hover over effects in the slave management
	
	harem gauze
	
	offspring were androphiles and I was playing as masculine. One was actually into it, but then later was grossed out. Seemed weird.
	
	NPC multi-orgasm
	Pregnancy/Impreg, and Cum Stud/Addict fetishes have a chance to make the NPC decide to go for a second(or third!) round after their orgasm. 
	
	debug:
	1: 'pacify harpies', which essentially completes the harpy matriarch quest for you.
	2: Trigger arcane storm
	
	
	
	-----------------
	
	Finish character creation
		I need to finish the backgrounds, add in sex experience stuff, then add in an opportunity to have sex with the random NPC, then integrate the end of the character creator into the rest of the prologue
		
		shrug it off an approach the crowd, where a guy/girl approaches you and starts talking [background, xp points]
		
		the strange atmosphere seems to be growing in intensity, and you suddenly find yourself talking about sex [sex background, sex exp]
		
		React differently based on if you're virgin, "normal" or slut, start heading towards the museum bathroom
		Get stopped by Lily, she's panicking about Arthur (partner sighs and says they'll find you later).
	
		hoodies
	
	
	Add more ways to influence affection and obedience.
		take for walks
		punish
		talk
		hug
		kiss
	Sex with slaves for some reason when you end it you collapse and they walk away after doming you.
		
	CUM EFFECTS
	
	-----------------
		
		
	talk our kids into taking another name. Or just make the decision for them
	
	Incest Content still says Not Implemented when selecting the fetish.
		
	
	Condoms:
		track cum
		inseminate action
			Filled condoms keep track of the type of cum that they're holding, and can now be used to artificially inseminate characters.
			The offspring of any resulting pregnancy will have traits based on the the cum's stored body values.
			E.g. Obtaining a filled condom from a dog-boy, and then transforming him into a cat-girl, then impregnating her with the filled condom, will result in offspring inheriting traits from her old dog-boy body, as well as her new cat-girl one.
		
	Condense essences into just arcane essences
	Use essences to unjinx something
	
	Add self-doggy actions to SubDoggy and DomDoggy
	
	exhibitionist fetish should give some penalties for being covered up
	
	personality for named NPCs
	
	are content toggle settings supposed to influence the fetishes NPCs can spawn with?
		Cause they currently don't seem to do so and it seems like they should. IE non con and incest fetishes probably shouldnt be in the NPC spawn list if those fetishes are toggled off.
	
	
	Add items used to event log
	
	inverted nipples
	
	spiked and messy hair
	
	Gate getPlayerVaginaVirginityLossDescription() descriptions behind masochist/virginity fetishes
	
	Limit NPC hair styles based on maximum length
	
	Reduce number of children
	Pregnancy rework to take into account safe days
	
	Full screen
	
	Even if you have thin or normal lips, most of the sex actions describe them as plump or full.
	
	[Need to make it so if there's only one partner, possibility is certain]
		And the game's not recognizing that my character is already preggo. It still shows only as High probabillity
	
	
	Also some of the clothing has to be manually removed by going into inventory as the npc's or you cant do it themselves mostly seems to affect undies layer clothing
	
	Selling the magic gems and feathers, you cant sell them some times sell all sell one nothing happens and they stay in inventory
	
	more cum-covered status effects, as well as cum-inflation scenes.
	
	I would love to take slaves out on a leash, even if its just to get their makeup/hair done.
	
	-bug: this is kind of funny, but you can use an elixir to remove your vagina while you have something in it (as in- by drinking the potion during sex),
		 which does not stop the penetration (though it does make the game reference what I assume to be an empty string, because description text is still printed but with the word for the pussy missing).
		  You might even be able to get pregnant from it, though I haven't managed to pull that off (I got the "might be pregnant" box to appear, but the 5 times I tried it I didn't get knocked up).
	
	Can unequip Rose's clothing in sex
	
	Add makeup wipes
	Add nailpolish remover
	Add freckles
	lipstick: different colored bottom and top lips
	
	a pink slave collar that increased fertility
		glowing pink
	
	post sex NPC inventory interaction still on the to do list
	
	
	It worked once but now for some unknown reason enchanting is no longer working at all
	
	NPCs not listening to requests (Brax always anal)
	
	Ralph does nothing if ask for discount too early x_x
	Okay he did it after blowing him to at least 30
	maybe the if statement that displays the 'big discount' button is borked? Or maybe it doesnt have one. At any rate it should only pop up when it'll actually succeed/do something
	
	
	I'll be adding more orgasm options (including NPC using ass/pussy-to-mouth) both this and next week! :3

	And I'm also planning on expanding those harpy punishment scenes to be a little longer and more interactive in the future. ^^
	
	I'll also add that condom-force-feeding action for NPCs at some point soon, thanks for the suggestion!
	
	
	I dropped stolen panties (with almost full inventiory) and game just closed. Fucking hell.
	
	Despite putting in the settings, a 0-spawn rate for males, when I come across my kids in alleyways, most of them appear as males.
	
	I was considering using stamina in sex to determine for how long you can keep on going (with the option to drink stamina restoration potions for those that want to get to 60 orgasms).
	 disassociate the state of your hymen from your virginity, so that once you've lost it, you can never be a true virgin again
	
	fingers in partner's mouth, and tongue actions
	
	when I imported my old character, it reset all the gender preferences to a strange selection like 100% towards male characters and 100% towards futanari, with everything else 0%.
	
	
	
	 Also, I wound up with 2 of Brittany's lollipop after fighting her, doing nothing, then having sex. 
	
	
	Combine gender prefs and pronouns
	
	turning off shemale encounters in "gender preferences" tab - doesn't prevent them from appearing in game
	
	
	
	could you make some "lore" explanation for protagonist's ability to use arcane energy for chosing fetishes
	
	
	Oh wanted to ask, have you ever got around to changing the description of the virginity and lusty maiden perks? While she doesn't want to ever lose it, she has nothing wrong with using her pussy to seduce, tease and drive her friends/foes with lust ;D Cock tease and spreads come to mind.

	Also, any follow ups on already exposed states pre combat/sex? Being an exhibitionist virtually removes all npc reactions from the game, which is wierd!
	
	
	Forced TF:
	-Height: very often go below 5 feet, is there that many who like midgets?:P
	-hair:...or repunzels? Very often get floor length hair and never anything less then backlength. Figure common values should be shoulder to back length, with others being outliers.
	-Breasts: Never target below c cup, and even in non breastfetish/cowmorph scenarios often get DD+. I'm figuring common values should be B-C and even A be allowed.
	-Cow morphs: Get if they desire female and your male they will continue to try to transform horns with no luck. Also, should 4 titted teats on breasts and/or udders be a tf possibility?
	-I think with forced tf on and/or tf fetish, if you aren't the desired gender of npc they should transform you when you are defeated rather than just robbing you.
	-I'm wondering if there is a way to fine tune color combinations that happen. I understand this is hard with a random system, but fairly often you get unatural combinations or something that would make a color coordinator cry. IE: Blond fur, ginger hair, brown eyes. Perhaps have some "presets" that you have a medium chance of being assigned?
	
	
	Add cloaca TF
	
	Add fisting
	
	
	Offspring:
		I'll make sure to add in unique dialogue for if you're keeping their other parent a slave as well.
	
	
	Add pecs as flat-chest quivalent to breasts
	Posing fetish for when you love showing off, Muscle worship fetish for when you love admiring. Each would be weak to the opposite's associated tease.
	Could unlock some muscle worship sex scenes too.
	
	
	while unzipping them gives access to your genitals, it doesn't actually let you shift aside your undergarments to allow access to them. 
	shifting aside clothing can only be done when you have access to the groin slot on a character, which creates some problems when you can gain access to the penis or vagina slot without also gaining access to the groin slot at the same time.
	
	
	fix finger sucking
	
	udders & crotch breasts
	
	
	------------
	
	
	
	
	- Backalley neutral:
		- Vending machine (lesser TF items)
		DONE Package (package is still wrapped but the label has been soaked in cum, can't read it)
		- Item hidden under grate/behind box/in pipe
		- See people having sex down alley
		- Friendly shopkeeper
		- Someone runs past and drops something
	- Fights:
		- Enforcer
		DONE Harpy nest
		DONE Male (dog, wolf, cat, horse) mugger
		- Female (dog, wolf, cat, horse) prostitute (may fight you if you don't pay)
		- Gang ambush (dog, wolf, cat, horse) males & females
		- Girl getting mugged (can intervene, she runs off shouting thanks behind her)
	
	
	
	I've enslaved a succubus but there's no 'grow cock' action during sex (as with Lilaya), has something to do with affection or obedience level
	
	NPC TF fetish to TF race
	
	bimbo lollipop TF pubes don't match
	
	hide undergarments
	
	colour presets based on ethnicity
	
	So my character is a dom... huge build, huge cock, huge balls, etc. I'm taking off my clothes to a female, no penis or anything...
		"She lets out a patronizing 'aww' as your huge cock is revealed. "Look at that cute little thing!""
	
	Pure virgins, when defeated, should have their first sex scene be automatically marked as a non-con scene if non-con scenes are enabled
		
	jinxed clothing on slaves to remove
	
	Lilaya, Kate, Ralph, sex update
	
	temp NPC level scaling
	
	taking self-virginity desriptions
	
	Minor Bug report
	When I started the latest version I exported my character from the older version and did a start (import)
	This retained that my character was pregnant, and when it came time to give birth, nothing happened, the status was removed, my phone said I had never been pregnant before
	Also (probably not a bug)
	I bought Scarlett and while being raped they refuse to use elixirs/potions. Using Slave Management/Inventory then no problems, they take them fine.
	
	
	giving greater demon tfs being able to transform
	
	>referred to as a horse-girl just because my character has a horse penis
	
	Lilaya she never asked my character to pull out, but she latter acted as if she had
	
	The denial options need to work in submissive stance, I think
	Although with different text
	Also still seeing inconsistencies in attraction logic
	Encounter offspring; says they're attracted
	But when you talk to them, it says they're not
	
	
	what do you think about having orgasms affect NPC affection/ obedience? IE consensual sex orgasms could increase affection.
		Meanwhile non con orgasms increase obedience (And if they have the non con fetish then non con orgasms also raise affection.)
	
	improve forced transformation descriptions
	
	incest encounter offspring, sex option do not appear if incest off
		incest fetish increases encounter rate
	
	moving the chastity cage into the new 'penis' inventory slot, so that problem should be resolved by the next version
	isBlocksFromSight
	
	Body description for girl cum
	
	Stretched out instantly in sex? (it only takes one thrust?)
	
	AI:
	
	FINGERS IN MOUTH
	Had a naizuri scene freeze at 100% after asking the npc to "pull out", had to break out of the scene with the debug code.
		scene got stuck with the NPC "doing nothing" every turn no matter what I did, never got to the orgasm scene.
	Ralph needs own AI
	
	
	
	Gynephilic females will not transform you. Each and every time there is a gynephilic female, they will be criminals for enslavement.
	 The only time I was able to get a transformation was during the arcane storm. Also, no female transformations, just "cuntboy" and "hermaphrodite."
	
	
	Is there any way to make all breast have equal size? If you make more than one pair of breast, the lower ones are always smaller and I would like some way to have all breast have the same cup size.
	
	
	
	
	equip collar from within their inv

	consumable targets (mothers milk)
	
	 I think the code for selecting items needs to be refined, theres a decent hang whenever i select an item and also a slightly smaller one whenever i try to sell/move/use one
 
	 add another effect if someone with a pure virginity fetish loses it to someone they have high affection with
	 
	Add wait button
	
	Make mother's milk work instantly
	
	 fight them to regain the flames and items they stole
When you defeat them you will get the option to "reclaim" giving you back only items that they took
	
	Scarletts transfer buttons not working (in .exe???)
	
	in buyback if you sold a shit load of essence. It takes up a slot individually. Example being I sold 70 of them it ended up like being 1 in each slot of buyback
	
	the three harpy items names dont appear right in the item present box when you store them ([harpy.name] in right panel)
	
	saliva
	
	making the NPCs forcibly transform you even if they aren't attracted to you soon
	
	Enslaving a free-spirited person should probably damage their opinion of you
	
	Add lube item
	
	arousal bars have frozen
	After continuing It still reached the next orgasm, it looks like it just didn't display arousal
	
	rape affection changes
	
	Can't sell enslaved offspring???
	
	Alexa's shop has a small display bug, if you don't have enough money to buy from her it'll display the Sell prices of her slaves on a greyed out button. It's a minor problem given how lucrative slaving is right now, of course.
	
	Scarlett room transfer issues
	So, I'm trying to move Scarlett into one of the slave rooms, but "Transfer Here" isn't actually doing anything on her. When I try to click "Detailed Management", it also does nothing.
	
	
	the Frustrated effect should be removed by orgasm in later sex
	
	Seems to be an order of operations issue, probably on my end... Stripped a criminal, stole her clothes, had sex, before sex scene ended put on the collar, and when I went to pick her up she had an inventory full of clothes... Only time I've had that happen...  I just started collaring them before sexing them to prevent it...
	
	It appears that in this release, Succubi will disappear from the dark alleyway they were encountered in the moment you leave the tile, regardless of your choices.
	
	Thigh sex and hotdogging
	
	Forced jinxed clothing
	
	It no longer shows pc or npc's wearing condoms on the penis slot
	
	Add clothing preview to debug
	
	status effect for stuffed with toys
	
	tongue length in stats page
	
	Chinese dress (feminine, torso and legs slot), and hair bun covers (head slot, exists in single and double version)
	Japanese Loose Socks
	
	Split forced TF content into sexual dn racial
	
	feedback on the edited Ashley's shop I sent you weeks ago, just to see if my editing has improved
	
	Add tracking of who you had sex with.
	
	The issue with NPCs removing bras might be related to the Maid set. It only seems to happen when I have that set equipped
	
	Non con fetishist NPCs don't seem to rape you...
		They had the right orientation
		They put up a resistance and make you rape them if you win even if they have an orientation that likes you. But that makes sense cause of thier fetish they want to be raped/ struggle during sex.
			But As it is currently they don't seem to be willing to be on the dominant end of a rape scense which contradicts the fetishes's current description text.
			It might perhaps be a good idea to split up the Non con fetish anyways though. Into giving and recieving versions.
	
	the dialogue boxes are not automatically scrolling to the bottom anymore
	This is sex scene dialogue, it won't scroll down automatically when a new message appears
	 sometimes scrolls down, and sometimes doesn't
	
	There seems to be a bug with scrolling on the main screen during large scenes.  Intermittently it will not scroll to new text.  EDIT: This may have been confusion over especially long text sequences.  I have not had any issues for awhile now
	Hmm, the default screen width isn't enough to make the +/- buttons work right on the level-up screen
	
	Forgot to ping you earlier and editing it in doesn't help but giving an NPC the collar then equipping it to them doesn't make them your slave. Probably would have liked that before the release but yeah I have memory that looks worse than swiss cheese
	
	The AI seems to be fixating on chest-play when in the kneeling position for some reason.  Oral and oral performers are more into paizuri/naizuri than breast and breast lovers.  There is possibly also too much of a focus on anal fingering, but this may be due to a lack of other options
	
	in the characters present screen if you mouse over the closing the NPC is wearing it only shows you what slot it is not what the item is
	
	Scarlett refuses to take a vixen's virility. I don't think slaves should get to do that
	
	Also, she's still replacing her maid's dress
	I  gave Scarlett a maid dress and had sex with her, when I checked her inventory she was back in the clothes she had when she owned the slave shop
	
	
	
	Remove jinxed clothing from slave
	
	restore the option to acces an NPC's inventory right after sex
	
	Also I think I pinned it down with that odd feeling. The map doesn't seem to have border, infact almost nothing seems to except the button panel and the event log.
	
	Sometimes NPCs will ignore an article of clothing during a scene. NPCs seem to not like removing my character's bra for whatever reason.
	
	BUGS
	
	SLAVERY fixes, jobs, assignments
	
	INCEST 
	
	bandana shit aside
	
	tooltips for slave management
	
	
	
	
	(Couldn't replicate)
		Sex still causes item duplication
	
	Need to re-add "Use all"
	
	
	Properties is still being reset
	
	MANAGEMENT
	
	Slaves (Overview)
		Assignments
		Rules
		
	Slave panel - Detailed
		Assignments
		Rules
		
	Auction - random price (40% chance to be higher than Alexa, +1% chance per fetish the slave has for a very high price)
	
	
	Assignments: Primary job, two secondary jobs, fetish training/removal, diet
	
	Rules: Masturbation, inter-slave sex (allow vaginal/anal/oral/breast give & receive), crawling, silence, bowing, 
	
	
	Daily Reports (Calculated at midnight)
	
	Sex actions -> partner-on-partner
	
	quad nipples on less than greater cows
	 
	 dying equipped items duplicates them
	 
	 Alright so it seems like we can give NPC's clothes and they seem to keep wearing them even when you leave and return.
	  They only seem to equip new clothes if you have sex and  by the end of it they have a major slot thats empty.
	   As much as i hate to say it though unless the NPC is an exhibitionist they should probably try to change out of exposing clothing unless it's jinxed
	 
	
	
	
	Taking own anal and oral virginity with tail
	
	
	
	Light theme!
	
	Fertility cycle (96 hours)
	And when in the 'risky' or 'fertile' stages, it will be impossible to get a 0% impregnation chance
	'Pregnancy risk', and 'inseminated'
	Pregnancy fetishes and 'in heat/rut' alter timings and pregnancy chance
	You could make Heat a vagina tf and then put a "heat fetish" that increases it's stregnth~ something like
		 "You love loosing yourself and giving in to your womb's deisre for fresh seed~ The feeling of being fucked while being at your most fertile drives you insane with lust"~ :3
	Impregnation fetish should also probably be the strength/weekness to it~ where as a tease from either of them will break the other~
	
	"H&D-only", "MG", "FF"
	
	MAKE DEV BRANCH (I forgot, and now Anon will be mad :NotLikeBlob:)
	
	imported character, all actions and moving around are laggy
	
	a toggle to prevent clothing replacing after sex (for PC and NPC)
	
	Switch to ground/NPC view
	
	the tooltip trying to render behind your mouse in top-right slots
	
	I would like to steal their TF potions and use it on them (gen potions in inv, not at moment of TF)
	
	Quick manage
	
	#################
	
	the ongoing penetration status effects only affect the one that's penetrated
	no ongoing status for breasts as well, so I don't think anyone's gaining any arousal for ongoing paizuri
	
	foreskin
	
	add a 'request TF' action in the post-victory screen
	
	balance Kate's prices and add confirmation
	
	Make harpies a rare dominion alley encounter, it is odd that they're currently singled out as never showing up there when they live on top of the buildings
	
	I played 0.1.84.1 for a few hours last night, and the longer I played, the more lag I noticed. Ending post-combat sex scenes brought out the worst of it, with the game freezing up for 10--30 seconds or so right after hitting the Stop Sex button
	
	import's still borked
		The color of the hair on my head changed, my dick became prehensile, my cum became slimy and oily, and if I'm in danger of pregnant during import I lose my vagina
	
	convert handjobs to ongoing acts
	
	bell gag and bell collar
	
	Liquid basic encahntment allow +/- potency
	Lactation base transformation (small increase in lactation) is duplicated in breasts, which also increase lactation (wetness).
	
	Did Lilaya's tests twice, Essences quest didn't unlock
	
	Make Brax/harpy forced TFs an option in the scene
	
	pubic hair spawns
	NPC spawn with extra hair pls
	
	turn the negative clothing status effect into an arousal gain one
	
	So the harpy matriarchs are initially missing some positions such as Back to Wall, but those positions com back immediately when I move into a different position.
	
	Also think I ran into a bug where I was having non-con with an impregnation fetish male, and I asked him to pull out and the game had him pull out but stay at 100 orgasm and whatever option I hit just had him respond with "the man is waiting"
	 or something along those lines
	
	Forced TF isn't good for human-only playthroughs
	
	I'll add in a preferences screen for the forced TF content as soon as I can, to allow you to define the limits of what you're comfortable being transformed into. ^^
	
	Both with TF fetish -> all in one
	
	I'll add a way to submit to forced TFs after a combat victory, thanks for the suggestion. ^^

	I'll also add some correct virginity-loss descriptions for self-actions. ^^
	
	add in say innerlocking figures as a continuous activited during sex to turn people with it on~/also prevent them from doing things with their hands
	
	the middle 4 locations could always include the house, shopping district, and tower. Then define locations as N/S/E/W
	
	whenever I beat cow-morphs everything freezes (when entering sex scene) (both were broodmothers)
	
	slots for extra arms if you have more then one set
	
	Add 'penetration-type' requests (request to fuck them, or to have paizuri)
	
	Add udders
	
	You can't learn partner's ass virginity by removing her clothes. You only discover it by performing anal
	
	They both lead to default no penetration orgasm texts.
		That's probably because there's no dick or breast statuses.
	
	flared & tapered make mutually exclusive
	
	Really need to improve sex AI
	
	I'll also add a way to save potions (possibly through an XML or JSON save, so that they're available cross-character). I'll try and get this done for the next version.
	
	Fetish training (or very expensive potions)
	
	Possible bug when advancing story past first Arthur
	
	bug where chars switch between being interested and not interested in sex in the same encounter
		It happens in the incest scenes and I think in the regular ones as well, but I could be misremembering.
	
	creampie fetish
	
	add 'excessive' precum as a modifier
	
	More Orgasms!
	
	every character I make with a cock has milk-flavored right out of the box. Shouldn't it be, you know, cum-flavored cum instead unless you TF it later
	
	1. Encounter prostitutes in alleyways.
	2. Sell your body to random NPCs in alleyways.
	3. Assign slaves to selling themselves in the streets, then later I'll add a brothel for you to buy, and then assign your slaves to there.
	
	
	Common sense colourings for each race
	
	breast feeding/nipple sucking
	
	Child genetics
	
	Cowgirl (self)
	
	Start trading with Ralph and jinxed clothes re-apply themselves happens
	
	Essence inventory too big
	
	After giving birth I seem to be stuck with a recovering vagina from slightly loose to extremely tight... I have max plasticity and 1 elasticity
	
	Head pats
	Headpats and scritches during oral when
	
	adding a "TF preferences" screen to allow you to define what you're ok with being transformed into
	
	
	I'll also definitely add an options menu to set NPC transformation ratios, as well as making them take your preferences into account. They should already be doing that, but there must be a bug in my method.
	
	In the body stats menu it does not show plasticity for stuff only Elasticity
	
	gained three 'risk of pregnancy' status effects from being forcibly transformed?
	
	when a npc isn't interested in your gender, but has TF fetish, have them try to tf you instead of just taking your money and running when losing/submitting to them
	
	can the 'offspring' button get a character-overview akin to that of the contacts menu
	
	Also, right now, everyone has a species-preference. -may- want to make it so that some folk don't care much about species and only about body-shape/sex
	Make gender preferences for NPC's forced TFs settable
	
	Add paizuri for multi-breasts
	
	Maybe a non-furry version of forced TF would change the character's body type and such. For example, changing femininity, breast size, etc.
	I think bimbofication and sissification are common, fur-free, fetishes on TFgamessite. So maybe the human-only forced TFs could do something like that?
	
	Now, one other thought, maybe have fetishes figure in a little bit for what gear they end up with?
		Not for normal peps, but when deciding whether to be a herm or off-gender sex.
		If someone has a cum feitsh or receiving cock feitsh, they should probably prefer a partner with a cock.
		If they have impregnation fetishes, it would make sense for them to prefer a partner with a vagina.
		This could actually be tested after the random roll has been done, and adjusts the result then.
		That will save a fair bit of coding work.
	
	making demon PC able to tf
	
	Reduce offsping. Increase pregnancy time.
	
	Add sensible colours and gentics.
	
	
	they should focus on adding desired organs before removing
	
	Buy Brax
	
	virginity losses from self
	
	there's no yellow for genital colors
	
	pushing your fingers into your partner's mouth
	
	the player should be able to ask the alley succubi to change their femininity in addition to altering their breasts and genitals
	
	If a character has the non-consent fetish, you should remove the arousal gain penalty from resisting sex. You might even gain extra arousal
	NPCs with the non-con fetish always resist
	So a sadistic character will gain more arousal from a resisting partner and a non-con fetishist would gain extra arousal while resisting instead of having a penalty.
	
	Firstly, you could change the description of the Non-con fetish to only include being raped, but not necessarily raping others. 
	Then, you can expand the sadism fetish to include raping others. Alternatively, you could also make a second red boardered "dominant" version of the Non-con fetish.
	Also, you could have the "resist" action only decrease the character's arousal if they don't have the noncon fetish. I have no idea where this is done in the code however but if you can find where to stick it, a little if statement would probably do
	
	
	is the selfie screen supposed to not list the actual penis length anymore
	
	allow the option of enabling body hair content from the character creation extra hair menu
	
	an option to make all the skin options match your base skin would be nice
	
	try and add an event in the future where you're stopped by enforces due to wearing their uniform
	
	Allow sub/dom switch in sex (when improve UI)
	
	TF fetish for NPCs increases the amount of times they TF you
	
	resisting characters could stop resisting if you're gentle and/or make them cum a few times
	
	 a fetish for wearing soiled clothing? Also, I'd like a randomise button on character creation
	
	
	fishnet corsets and fishnet microskirts
	
	Flying
	
	Weapons delete themselves when keep on equipping the same type from floor
	
	Add thigh sex, and hotdogging.
	
	X Add in some proper dialogue and interactions for the incest content.

	Watch hands in AbstractClothingType!
	
	Slavery
	
	Add cloaca descriptions
	
	Improve forced TF descriptions
	
	eye TF racial modifiers
	
	Known bugs that are not fixed:

	The overlay display properly stretches for an item that blocks your clothing, but it doesn't properly stretch for item effects that are large - talked with @Innoxia about this and apparently fixing this is hell.
	-- Proficiency "spell cost reduction"
	-- Seduction "willpower damage"
	
	Sell All "Sell all of your tiara for x" improper pluralizing (this does work for items?)
	-- Buy All "Buy all of the opaque demonstone" also has improper pluralizing
	-- Drink All too
	-- Store All too
	-- Take All too
	
	Text misaligned when unequip drop warning is saved
	
	Possible bug with identifying working with stacks instead of single items (confirming that there is a bug here would be real nice because then I could fix it)
	
	Known possible inventory related improvements which I haven't applied yet because... ehhh lemme know if you want these:
	
	The bottom border of the item overlay with effects grows as the effects list goes on, this could get normalized
	Buy back says "Vendor will sell it to you for $ x.", could be "Vendor will let you buy it back for $ x."
	Dyeing items prints the text below the shop dialogue, when buying and selling items prints the text under the shop dialogue
	Known issues related to inventory that I'm not gonna fix:
	
	Pluralization bugs
	-- "You hand over all of your A dye-brush to Ralph in exchange for ¤ 287." Yeahhh that's item names and pluralization hell
	
	
	Flavour text in-game says it is custom to kiss a slave for one last time before enslavement, since kissing a slave is considered taboo
	
	Bugs
	
	Gym/Fast food
	
	After defeating my character, the succubi just finger their nipples and tail-fuck themselves to completion a lot of the time. Is there a way to disable this?
	
	Hey, tailpegging is super broken, it doesn't properly check to see if the player actually has a tail.
	
	The only bug i have found is when you use transformative enchantments on multiple (maybe single, haven't tested) breasts, specifically trying to grow the nipple and areola size that it keeps switching between 'getting larger' and 'shrinking' when all were enchanted to be Major Boost
	
	Cam inside of kate knocking her up. Then right after the sex ended had sex again cumming inside her and when I checked the pregnancy stats found she had 2 ongoing pregnancys at the same time
	
	Having an issue where using a cock-growing elixir gives me a penis with the wrong skin color. In my instance, my pale character grew a brown penis.
	
	
	Genderless mound" on dolls should probably be, "sexless mound".  Genitals don't really have a gender, so to speak, and another word for genitals is sex.(edited)
[23:01] DarkMaster: That mound being exposed does not trigger the exposed condition, may not be a bug but exposing it would still be public indecency and perhaps embracing
	
	I encountered a possible bug... I asked Ralph for the big discount, and now every move he does... is a lack thereof. he won't move at all. if it helps pin down the bug, it's durring a storm, and I already have a 25% discount. I don't know if either of those have to do with this.

hypnotic cum

add in part-specific colouring

Not sure if it's been pointed out but when I choose "slut" as a starting choice, it doesn't work. In fact, if I choose it, go back, and choose another (e.g average), I end up with a mix between slut and whatever other I chose!

1. The latest preview did not find my exported character from 1.83 but from the HF
2. The hair/skin/eye colors got changed all to brown, possibly due to color change in code
3. Testicles changed from vestigal to average
4. Cum amt changed from an extreme amount to average
5. My demonic ears lost their color. Were Lilac, now color isn't being mentioned

once you've selected to have glowing eyes, if you were to cycle back to regular the selected text doesn't shift to regular

skin toggle works
[05:11] Sorter: you can check the skin glow switch and see where it got messed up
[05:12] Sorter: my ears apparently still are lilac but it's not mentioned in the selfie. It used to

anybody else having issues with imported characters unable to extract essences?
[06:42] Def: since Lilaya's 1st quest doesnt resolve

	leg and ankle wraps to make full set
	

	NPC's with broodmother fetish do not try to get pregnant. This has also something to do with the first problem I've mentioned.

	
	New perk: Tempered (below arcane mastery). When willpower drops to 0 the first time, it stays at 1 instead.
New perk: Marathon (below cardio queen). When stamina drops to 0 the first time, it stays at 1 instead.
Change perk: "indefatigable" to "hulk", when health drops to 0 the first time, it stays at 1 instead.
	
	New status effect: Tired. Caused by being awake for over 12 hours in a row, gives no debuffs but in 4 hours it will become the status effect "exhausted". New status effect: Exhausted. Caused by being tired for 4 hours (ie awake for over 16 hours in a row), gives -5 strength -5 stamina and -5 willpower. Also make rest take 8 instead of 4 hours (succubi need to sleep too!).
	
	Minor bug report: Gaining more testicles seems to be bugged. I created a potion to take a character from 2 to 8, and I got this message 3 times:"A tingling feeling spreads down into your testicles, and you let out a little cry as you feel some of them shrinking away and disappearing.

4) New fetish: Chastity fetish. Frustrated debuff (-10 spell damage -50 willpower resist) becomes chaste (+50 stamina, -25 willpower resist)

You could make a new file full of "clothing tag" enums. The tags would describe clothes. For example, "revealing", "protective", "modest", "bondage" etc. Each item could have multiple tags. When the enchantment on the item is randomly generated, the tags would influence what types of enchantments are randomly selected.

You could do different things with this system: 
- maybe certain enchantments are only available for items with the right tags. 
(eg: revealing clothes like miniskirts might be the only ones to give a bonus to willpower damage.)

- maybe certain enchantments might be impossible for items with the wrong tags.
(eg: revealing clothes might never give bonuses to physical damage resistance.)

- maybe enchantments are still randomly generated but if a piece of clothing has a certain tag it might automatically get a stronger bonus. 
(eg: a physical damage resistance enchant on protective clothing would give a much higher bonus than a physical damage resistance enchant on revealing clothing.)



After a few moments, you're left with eight balls."
When it should be an indication that I'm gaining testicles, and the three messages should have given different amounts (first should have said 4, second 6, third 8).
	
	
	Minor bug report: Gaining more testicles seems to be bugged. I created a potion to take a character from 2 to 8, and I got this message 3 times:"A tingling feeling spreads down into your testicles, and you let out a little cry as you feel some of them shrinking away and disappearing.

After a few moments, you're left with eight balls."
When it should be an indication that I'm gaining testicles, and the three messages should have given different amounts (first should have said 4, second 6, third 8). 
	
	
	Hmm. Being pushed down into submissive cowgirl by a gynephilic victor that believes you to be female seems like it is probably not intended behavior?
	
	Also, there seems to be a continuity issue with NPCs' fetishes and their physical traits, such as a large number of girls I'm running into that like giving anal despite not actually having a penis themselves or guys who like being impregnated.
	
	my characters completely dry asshole is now being lubricated for some reason despite it being dry. It also only shows up when arousal is above 80
	
	1. The foot revamp where you have three foot styles (Talon, Foot/paw, Hoof) which is then used to figure blocked feet for clothing.
	 2. cloaca descriptions so that any avian/reptiles are given proper descriptions, as they look doll-like most of the time. 
	
	
	-Default to a different hair colour than white.
	-Body hair should default to the same colour as head hair, with a setting that specifically says, "Same as hair".
	  Once the game starts, then it makes sense to have that be set to a normal hair colour for transformation effects.  If it isn't already, body hair colour should probably also be fur colour.
	[21:41] DarkMaster: .
	Fetish suggestions: 
	-If a specific content type is completely disabled (like incest and non-con), then that fetish should not appear on the fetish screen at all and characters should not spawn with that fetish.
	-Content types that are partially disabled (like forced TFs) should either prevent the PC from being able to take those kinks, or prevent random NPCs from spawning with them, depending on what part is actually disabled.
	-Additionally/alternatively, enabling specific content partially unlocks that content (such as allowing the Lilaya scene and Brax's forced TF) but taking the fetish makes the content more likely (kids spawning in alleys and random NPCs TFing the player).
	
	
	Equals and HashCode *should* be ok for Abstract Clothing, Item, and Weapon types, but maybe make sure.
	
	GATE HAIR PROPERLY FOR TFS
	
	Gate obesity
	
	Add facesitting position, with descriptions from SABracSubCowgirl
	
	Good point, I'll add fuckable nipples (and urethras) behind option gates.
	
	so apparently if you're sitting on Brax's face when he cums, the system thinks that you were sitting on his dick
		just confirmed it does the same thing with vaginal
		doesn't count as penetration for the sake of virginity though, as my character is a """pure""" virgin and did not get broken by it
	
	exhibitionist clothing equipping
	
	remove all clothing button? or a strip button?
	
	So apparently if you import a character over from a new version and go through the prologue, then knock up Lilaya in the first encounter it won't progress since it ends differently.
		Going in for tests again lets you bone irregardless, but it won't let you do other sidequests that involve her, or progress the story along. I take it there's a catch missing, or that knocking her up isn't fully implemented?
	
	Also she stood there behind me sucking on her tail the whole time and did not even fuck me it was like finger sucking all over again
	
	Gate fat/obese
	
	Kate's shop!
	
	account-wide encyclopedia
	
	cum production import not working
	my skin/fur/feather colors are all wonky
	I am now virgin in every hole
	Asshole dried up, lost its elasticity and looseness
	Cum production tanked
	my dick is now prehensile, and my cum is sticky, slimy, and oily
	
	It would probably be best if the player gets prompted with an option to go into said content settings during character creation.
	
	Fetishes
	
	
	add a 'cloaca' transformation
	
	Tails in mouth AI
	now that cat tails are considered prehensile, there are lots of catgirls taking all of their own virginities with them.
	
	succubus with 3 pair of knockers that are H, GG and G in size according to the descripction part, and the in-game text during the transformation said she only has 1 pair of E boobs
	
	
	quitting sex after starting it gives you the frustrated status despite having little arousal.
	
	Milk
		Transformative effects
	
	backless panties for exhibs
	
	cowgirl Brax and select orgasm at the end when you both cum, you won't actually get the creampie/impregnation chance
	
	Ass descriptor
	
	Character-specific option overrides
	
	
	
	Change sex actions to use generic parts, not orifice and penetrator
	
	
	Character creation:
		Hair style
		
	Kate:
		Hair style
		Eye shapes.
	
	tattoos
	
	Gate options in screen again
		Tidy up fetishes:
		non-con tease
		incest tease
		For PC, makes forced TFs do more, for NPCs, makes them TF you more and maybe gives special dialogue for when you TF them
	
	
	Ear tags (cow)
	
	[Alexa & Scarlett]
	- Intro
	- Buying
	- Repeatable shop
	
	
	[TF fetish content]
	- NPC preference for each part
	- Give them a potion to force on you on each win
	
	Add Paizuri, thigh sex, and hotdogging.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	(I think I fixed, but check)
	Seems to be a bug where the second time a character gives birth the "pass out" button (and its knocked out equivalent) doesnt progress the scene, leaving you stuck there.
	
	a crash bug, if in you'r room, you put objects, and have to much objects, if you take all and don't have engout space in your invotory, the game crash
	
	 I think something's up with gender pronouns in the latest hotfix. Either that or traps are no longer called traps and are just called "Man" regardless of settings or feminity level.
	  Not sure, I'm out of town so haven't really been able to give this release a good stress test, hence why I'm not even signed in.

	Maybe the change to starting body breast size for androgynous males did that since they no start with a flat chest?
	 Either way, manually modifying the custom pronouns for players seems to change nothing, which might be a bigger problem if it's just not working at all like it should. Just FYI.
	
	found a bug that happens when you get pregnant from brax and then feminize him you get stuck in delivering scene
		it actually gets stuck because father is bree/brandi: Stanley Brandisson (horse-morph) Father:Brandi Mother:Carlos
	
	you fixed the player getting the more severe arcane storm effect but now while the player is outside it does not give any indicator that the arcane storm is happening at all in the status screen, although it does show you arcane storm protected status while indoors
	
	It appears that the chasing squirrels book is still on the drop table for random encounters even if you have already read it
	
	it seems dying items acts etremely oddly with stacks
	i dyed a stack of 2 rose gold collars platinum and then it showed i had 2 platinum collars but i had only used 1 dye brush then when i dyed another item it updated to 1 platinum collar and one rose gold collar
	Finally when i dyed the second rose gold collar platinum it did not stack with the other one immediatly
	Actually its just not letting me select it period
	Ok if i mess with the stacks a bunch it fixes it but that code definitely needs sanity checks
	Yeah so if you dye an item that is stackable to the same colour as another in your inventory it breaks one of them preventing you from interacting with it directly
	
	the "Report back" option doesn't disappear after reporting back once, although it doesn't do anything
	
	Is how good you are at a blowjob supposed to increase? Because mine doesn't. Ever. Maybe my guy is just that bad lol.
	
	Unsure if intended behavior or not, but typing in the name of a save, then hitting the enter key instead of pushing the save button will cause the main UI window to blank and the program to do nothing.
	  Expected behavior would assume that hitting enter would be the same as pushing the save button, but that may be hard to code in.
	
	: I think wearing a chastity belt and then getting fucked by brax while wearing pants has him perpetually masturbate instead of fuck you
	"I'm going to fuck you senseless" -> masturbates
	and he wont pull down pants, so the moment you do it, he actually fucks you
	
	brax loop for letting him impregnate you and then feminize him (gets looped in delivering scene)
	
	Is it a bug that NPCs are saying that an 8 inch dick is small or "cute"?
	(Also for breasts)
	
	vagina elasticity shows as 0 when have no vagina in stats
	
	Dom self doggy
	
	combined fetish for pure virgins with the deflowering fetish
	
	Save/Load button is locked in combat and sex
	
	NPCs to gain affection from PC using their fetish-related actions
	
	First row, 1 through 5
	Second row, shift + 1 through 5
	Third row, control + 1 through 5
	
	spawned with crotchless chaps and no underwear
		couldn't detect penis until sex?
		
	Yeah I've noticed that as well, any item in the bottom row in the last 3 slots on the right don't have to tool tips pop up like there is something blocking them.
		
	Lilaya's pull out dialogue cna be skipped somehow
		
	Dom anal
	
	Add Incest and generic NPC content from plan
	
	Save NPCs
	
	possible bug with buying and selling, the rounding occurs after tallying all the item values
		so for certain percentages, you could essentially get like 1 each if sold independantly, but, say, 5 for 4 items if sold as a group
	
	Expand TFs
		nail polish, lipstick, makeup (generalise it, I don't think I should go too in-depth here)
		sheath, ribbed, flared, barbed, tentacled

	New sex interface
	
	Sex stuff (anal in back-to-wall, then cowgirl)
	
	platinum
	
	With the preview release, in the clothing section of the encyclopedia, the colour list wraps, but the fields do not extend to accomodate it, so it clips into the next entry's list.
	
	Lilaya's LAB_EXIT is unsuitable for pregnancy text
	
	Pure Virgin NPCs should probably not beg you to fuck them in the puss if you're teasing it with your cock.
	
	 Impregnated Bree, then bimbo'd her and pregged her again
		Not sure if that has anything to do with it, but either way this happened:
			[two ongoing pregnancies for Brax, pregnancy stage: pregnant]
	
	How about a derived fetish from exhibition and masochism?
		Humiliation Fetish?
	
	Partner not making a move when sub and getting dom-oral
	
	encountered a problem with text saying I had a Knot even though I have a human penis. Didn't happen often, only saw it once or twice, think it only happened when I was with Dog-girls too
	
	Similar buffs could extend to things like anal creampie for anal fetishists, pregnancy for pregnancy fetishists.  Some fetish buffs would have to be applied after certain acts are done, such as causing a pregnancy chance for seeders.
		Would probably make sense to have that replace the exp boost from taking virginities.
		(Taking virgiinities would give a bigger/different buff than seeding would.)
	
	add an action to ask for them to keep going in sex
	
	Tantric Fetish
		It would encourage a partner to keep on going for more orgasns/ it could give you an extra arcane esscence for each orgasm you and your partner have.
		 get rested bonuses from having sex for a long time from the meditative/spiritual aspect of tantra
		
	
	Read fetish dreams
	
	Shopping arcade restrooms (gloryhole)
	
	Rename penis wetness effect
	
	if I win a fight, and submit, i can't make people drink my potions. 
	
	Add licking, sucking, tongue-fucking (for fuckable nipples) for breast actions
	
	AI is still ignoring fetishes (anal fetishists not using anal positions/actions, etc.)
	
	Lactation fetish, actions
	
	Vaginal wetness to determine squirting
	
	That's a good point about your phone... Once I expand the character creation screen, I'm going to let you choose your starting clothes, so I'll rework that part of the intro then (so that you keep your clothes). ^^
	I'm going to be adding conversation actions with Lilaya soon, and I'll add one for talking about your phone, good idea!
	Oh, and I'll probably expand the generic NPC encounters so that they try to run away if they've lost to you several times.
	
	
	UPDATE Lilaya & Kate SCENES:
		Getting a lot of game-halting bugs when trying to use the finger yourself command when doin the do with Lilaya
		Some embedded buttons are completely missing
	
	some descriptions could maybe change according to your characters orientation because it seems strange that an androphilic character stares and gulps at for example the stylist or other female assets
	
	if you have a tail and either suck it or self-tail peg, in the selfie tab the first time is given to your partner.
	
	If I select "Orgasm" instead of "Stay in position", I won't get a chance of pregnancy, I won't get pregnant, and I won't even get a creampie status, even though the flavor text says I got hella cum in my 100% fertility vagina.
	
	Please deal with the terrible finger sucking once and for all
	
	succubus is still not using her cock; add a preference for cock actions to her
	
	When you have the observant perk and examine someone, it shows what they are, but it also shows what they look like. The two statements are useful, but how they're blended (or, rather, not) can be rather jarring.
	
	Might be useful to be able to hide one or more sections in the pregnancy stats (ongoing pregs / completed pregs / offsprings list), because after having too many pregs with the seeder fetish, that page became quite long
	
	 i just got into a bug where the wolf futa i was having sex with pulled out just as her arousal reached 100 and its staying in an infinite loop where she is doing nothing
	 I had to choose a penetrative action in order to trigger the scene to end
	
	Ditzy fetish
	
	a pair of shin guards keep you from removing panties
	
	"Deep Throat," "Orgasm Facial" and "Thigh Squeeze"  mutual versions
	
	when outside of a known shop you can quick travel to the entrance, and when at your aunts the library
	
	lose to an NPC with submissive fetish, do they still submit to you
	
	Quicksave_somechar or Quicksave_otherchar
	
	Minor NPCs should be complying with requests, but I'll add some reactions for them to make that clear
	
	One of the NPC's quotes for a top-heavy PC is something like "How much Bubble Milk have you been drinking?!" Since bubble milk is no longer an item in the game, I feel that this quote has been overlooked.
	
	The gender detection is terrible ^^
	
	slightly change the flavour text for the Lusty Maiden stuff (to say they use pussy, but no penetration)
	
	The ability to have NPCs suck on your tail
	(furry tail option)
	
	I've always wished more games with combat would implement more sadomasochism stuff. I'm thinking something like, the less health you have, the harder you hit.
	 Maybe a perk of some kind. Could be health based or seduction based. Maybe a fetish like the more aroused you are, the more you arouse others.
	Also, attacks and teases that deal recoil damage of some kind. Like a really powerful tease that arouses the user or an attack that's self-inflicted but deals a lot of damage or arousal to the opponent. Something like that.
	Generally combat stuff that says "I will kill you by beating myself up!"
	I'm thinking something like Double Edge, where you take recoil damage, or Counter, where you deal twice the amount of damage you took, except with the emphasis being not on
	 "I was reckless and hurt myself but at least I beat you up" and more of "Getting hurt IS my attack!"
	 I don't want getting hurt to be a side effect of why I win, I want getting hurt to BE why I win
	
	
	 I'm still of the opinion that for whatever the next iteration of the character development system is, a system similar to D&D should be investigated.
	  One where your "Core" attributes are actuall core, and extremely difficult to alter(and probably tied to the TF's),
	   while the incremental changes that happen upon leveling up apply only to things that are safe to have increase infinitely(like the ability to overcome/resist specific interactions)
	
	cowboy hat
	Belt top... literally wearing a belt that coveres no more than the nipples
	Is a tube top a thing? i havent seen one yet
	
	There will need to be a system in place to handle multiple penetrators in one orifice
		Need to use capacity to determine what can fit
		Need girth?
	
	special action:
		deepthroat your cock and stick their tongue out to touch your vagina underneith (requires no balls getting in the way)
	
	Cum addicts should gain a bonus for having cum covered clothing on
	
	NPCs can spawn in exposed x_x
	
	Cat-girl losing penis, loses cock ring, but cock ring loss description refers to you, with "Clothing added to inventory: "
	
	Interruptions with bimbo speak (handle '-')
	
	penis, anal, nipple, oral virginity fetishes
	
	When you're having a scene with Lilaya, sometimes a button will not respond, and if you switch button pages and return, the button is missing
		For me, it was during the first scene with Lilaya. I tried to finger self, and it did not appear to respond, so I switched pages, came back and the button was gone.
		 I tried some other things to get the scene to progress, then other buttons stopped responding, like feel breasts, etc, during the scene.
		Once the scene progressed, things would return to normal for a while. I have not noticed the issue with Kate or random NPCs though.
		: I tried other actions later in the scene, and some buttons would just not respond, and flipping through the pages would make those unresponsive buttons vanish until the scene progressed.
	
	When I exported my character it was a pregnant herm, and import screen and selfie after importing show the same as well as I have the pregnant status effect.
	 However when I drank a "mother's milk" to speed it along so I could get preggers again, the potion dialog said nothing happened since I wasn't pregnant and the status timer didn't budge from the time left in that stage. 
	 That's as far as I got last night before passing out tho; Haven't tried receiving vaginal sex yet to see what happens.
	
	
	I've been using the masturbation fetish for those sort of options, but that doesn't really make much sense. I'll add a fetish for 'manual stimulation' (both for giving and receiving)
	
	While the shop is renamed 'Pix's Playground', the fast-travel button at the mall entrance is still 'City Gym'.
	
	Since v0.1.81 at least, there's a bug involving the standing/sitting NPC sex scenes (Lilaya, Kate), where trying to do self-penetration (pink-text) actions will lock up the dialogue.
	 Specifically, the scene won't progress and the only working button is 'Use item'; clicking on it will advance arousal but returning to the main screen doesn't advance the scene, and some of the options disappear.
	  It seems to happen when the partner is also self-penetrating, although from what I've been able to test, the logic isn't consistent (Lilaya doing all three - mouth, nipples, tail - doesn't cause the lock-up, but any one on its own does).
	   So far as I've tested, this does NOT happen with street NPCs, and normal intercourse is unaffected. I'm not familiar with Java so I haven't looked at the source code, but it seems to be unique to these characters' arrangement.
	
	
	Multi-breast option for unique NPCs
	
	Add unique scene for succubus taking virginity with tail.
	
	Combine potion effects!
	
	Add better reaction dialogue for:
		Starting sex with areas exposed
		Revealing areas while resisting
	
	Special daughter code :3
	
	veils
	
	If the system generates an NPC with a derived fetish (which is actually good) it should make sure they have the prerequisite fetishes too
		So basically grab from hat; if selections have prereqs, add those too
	
	I took the virgin trait, then I took my own virginity with my tail.  The game was not prepared.  It said the succubus I was having sex with did it.
	
	save game in sex/combat
	
	
	An easier fix for the moment might be to make it harder to level up.  You do seem to climb way faster than you should.  Especially since the game basically starts you off at level 2 if you just go to the lab.
	
	Clothing enchanting
		Maybe locks a character to a certain TF
		Or makes them always use a certain pace
	
	Used condom mechanics (enchant + impregnate)
	
	+ tit fucking
	+ hotdogging
	+ thigh sex
	
	voyeur fetish as a partner to exhibitionist
	
	character rework, ask the player if non-con is to be on or off. Same with TF
	
	When you explore the harpy nests after you finish the quest you wont find anything instead the look for trouble command is what you use so having the explore command there is redundant and possibly confusing
	
	It'd be even better if their scaling could be made dynamic based on time, and for the player's children the level of both parents at conception.
	
	Ralph's scenes
		The turn after I pushed us onto the brink of a mutual orgasm, a customer arrived. After clicking "Mutual Orgasm", I got the text for my climax, followed by the "part of your discount was offered to the customer" text,
		 followed by "you stayed quiet, they didn't find out you were there!" Then after the customer leaves Ralph's climax text hits. Then he offers me the full 25% discount. When I get back to the shop menu, however, it's listed as 20%.
	
	
	5) Also on the Non-Con Train, the description of your partner in the "Step Back" screen after the dirty deed has been done is also positive.
	 After 12 orgasms, the formerly Pure Virgin Non-Con partner shouldn't be "thoroughly satisfied because you gave them what they wanted."
	  Without getting too brutal you could say something along the lines of "Your reluctant partner lay panting in your combined fluids, their trembles a mark of their attempted resistance and ultimate failure to do so" or something. 
	
	It seems that hitting enter after typing in a name on the save game screen glitches it out.  You need to click off of the text box.
	
	Pix multi-breast
	
	You cant get rid of harpies although i have not tested after the harpy quest is finished
	
	Buy all not showing up?
	
	Tooltip persisting on window switch
	
	Regarding my suggestion of changing stats to different names (so you don't have strength or fitness, which don't have any bearing on the player's appearance), coming up with names for new stats that make sense was fairly easy.
	  They can be things like 'force of personality' or 'self-control', things which make a lot of sense to influence how good you are with magic and how strong your aura is.
	    That gives you a set of combat stats that then don't have any bearing on your appearance.
	The snag I actually ran into is actually the special attacks that various body types and transformations give you, abilities that are obviously not derived from magic at all.
	  It wouldn't be too hard to change enemies up so that they don't attack you directly, instead using magic to hit your aura, but those special attacks would have to be completely
	   redone since it doesn't make a whole lot of sense for claws to give you a new spell that you can't get otherwise.
	
	
	In the same way dicks will be getting flags it would be nice if pussies could also get a couple more variables for stuff like labia size/shape. It would also be nice if their pubic hair and it's potential styling were a flag rather than a matter of race. 
	Similarly it would be nice if nipples could get a bit more details like size, shape, state of inversion. Areola size/shape. 
	( For example it would be hot if some nipples started inverted but then 'pop' out once they get stiff from arousal.
	 While some, especially fuckable nipples should probably stay inverted regardless of arousal. As for Areola being to make them puffy separately from the nipples base size would be neat.)
	
	Brax dom not using proper actions?
	
	
	implement a sort of fetish-inheritance system
	
	-Child race is determined as one of the parent's dominant race (50/50 of player or partner's race, perks determine if player is more or less likely)
	-Child's furriness rating is determined to be something between the parent's furriness (random, average, or based on player choice of which)
	-Furriness is same as furry preference settings.
	-Humans are essentially all races with no furriness, so their race is ignored when determining what race the child will have (only if the child's furriness is 0 are they human)
	-The gender of the child is determined based on a mix of the natural birth rates for their race and the player's gender preferences, based on a setting chosen in the gender preference menu.  The options are:
	--All natural births (children are always the natural genders, ex: humans are 50% male and 50% female, harpies are 50% traps and 50% female)
	--Some preferred births (children are mostly natural genders, with a 10-33% chance to instead follow the player's gender preferences)
	--Natural preferred births (children are always natural genders, but will follow the player's gender preferences when possible, ex: if either male or female are enabled, the split will be based on the players gender preferences, otherwise it's the default)
	--All preferred births (children's genders are always based on the player's gender preferences)
	
	{
	Gender prefs aren't being applied to offspring.
	-Natural birth only (all children are born based on their race's natural birth rates only, human 50% male/50% female, harpy 50% trap / 50% female)
	-Rare unusual births (most children are born with natural genders, but unusual ones have a small chance to trigger)
	-Natural preferred births (all children are born with natural birth genders, but will respect the player's gender preferences when possible)
	-All births preferred (children will use the player's gender preference sheet)
	}
	
	
	
	
	NPCs to gain xp even on loss
	
	Randomise succubi a bit more
	
	"Arcane crystal dice" - consumable
		Adds a random enchantment to a piece of clothing
		
	get mother milk from NPC drops
	
	pots might not be adding to core
	
	Sloppy seconds fetish?
	
	parse TFs piece-by-piece
	
	If you get Lilaya pregnant, then manage to avoid her until the pregnancy is over, then go talk to her for the 'did she get pregnant or not' scene... she acts like she was never pregnant.

	NPC for TFs and resistance
		individual body preferences for NPCs (breast size, cock size, femininity, etc)
	
	Character view -> Panel on right
		Add details about romance/affection/relationship.
			You are not in any sort of relationship with the wolf-boy.
			The wolf-boy is your son, conceived with Brax on day 31 and birthed on day 42.
			The wolf-boy is currently neutral towards you.
	
	Split appropriate fetishes
	
	------
	
	Offspring:
		Start doing the 45% mother, 45% father, 5% chimera
		Add perks for breeding vessel, strong seed (and a more powerful version of each)
		Appearance should be based on mother, unless human, then based on father.
		Random name.
		Random fetishes.
		
	DOMINION - Dog, cat, horse, wolf:
		Alley attack, but you recognise each other. Reveals their name as soon as you meet.
			Talk
				Affection progression:
					Robber? -> Stop robbing -> Move in
					Hug +5 affection -> Kiss +5 affection -> Love +5 affection | Sex +25 affection, only if they have incest fetish
				Relax + 5 affection
				Gift +5 affection
				Massage (opportunity to influence fetishes) +5
				Dress (set their clothing)
			Fight -10 affection
			Leave
	
	------
	
	Redo perks
		Look like fetish screen
		Each has a cost
		Earn level amount of perk points each level up
		Add a reset button to both fetish and perk screen
	
	Dominant oral
		Remember paizuri!
	
	
	Sex effects:
		Make status effects affect penetrator
		Fetishes all on one icon?
		Status effects for penetration types as well
		
	Export to save inventory
	
	Quests
	
	
	cum onto face/breasts/stomach/pussy/ass/back
	
	At this point I would probably suggest giving some category tabs to other stores than just Nyan's. 
		Vicky's for example is getting kinda cramped with the new additions, and will get even more so if things keep going at this rate.
	
	AI are trying to remove all pen before orgasming? :s
		": Diana basically removed my finger from her ass, pulled off my dick from her throat, stopped fingering my pussy and then came"
	
	
	a decently game-breaking bug: Diana has an infinity loop where she stops the kissing action the PC initiated as the dom. When selected again she does it again to no end. So kissing is bugged for her atm.
	It seems Lexi has the same problem as Diana, and the issue is not an infinite loop but they just constantly stop kissing
Also noticed the Stop partner self action option disappears.
	
	Also, Face/Back to wall options do not become available until the selection of another position. I checked with doggy style.
	
	equipping items with global resist doesn't actually buff any of your resistances
	
	 Succubus attacker scene, submissive (no fight), with a new character (level 3): in 69, she struggles to blow my character (stretching her mouth for like 5+ turns); she then forces me to blow her,
	  and despite i have a standard mouth, there is no streching at all (for a 19 inch demonic cock...); am I naturally talented ? :LTmouth:
 Oh and despite being horny as fuck, and stating clearly she's going to fuck me, even if I request anal and she puts me in an anal-enabling position, she never goes for it, too busy stimulating herself with her various... tools
	
	Regarding Ralph's scene: i tried twice to ask for a big discount asap; it stops the sucking scene, Ralph says or does nothing (except stopping getting sucked), and... that's all. From there, the only available options are Wait
	 (Ralph does nothing either) / Calm down / Starting sucking (again; seems to work, except the big discount option isn't there anymore). More or less default male human character.
	( I think you need to get him suitably aroused first, 60 arousal or so?)
	Okay, this is only a matter of arousal; I tested with 40+ arousal on Ralph but with clothes on, and it works (he pulls everything himself when i select the option)
	
	
	the assaulting succubus doesn't have her racial trait, despite being Greater (and fully Demonic)
	
	Change sex actions into categories:
		[pen actions]
		[orifice actions]
	
	Saving in combat is causing a bug where if you reload, the enemy retains their lost health from before the load
	
	So apparently if you start as Androgynous Woman on the body, then chose your pronoun prefernce to be male, it ends up in that scenario:
		"You are a female man."
	
	
	Quests really need sorting out
	
	Fix Brax|bree options
	
	
	
	Mother's milk text, when using on an NPC, says "You eagerly gulp down the rich, creamy..."
	
	Stats panel is still creeping down and pushing your partners stats into unreadability during sex.
	Additional the masochism fetish doesn't seem to be working properly. was fighting an NPC and seduced them down to 8 points of willpower and punched them for 20 points of health damage and she took no willpower damage
	
	
	 think I found a bug, in the alley I have a wolf-girl like mark or stay in the place, then press the explore button several times so can she show up, but instead of the wolf-girl it was dog-girl
	 
	
	Far too many oral virgins
	
	To enable things like slime cat-girls:
	: Body part "materials"
		EG: "Flesh" is the default part "material"
		But later you could add "Slime"
		"Rock" for like golem arms
		"Phantom" for telekenetic parts
		"Energy" for elemental parts like a Fire elemental
		"ghostly" for ghost parts
	
	Sex UI to show pen types
		Also just have one 'fetishes' icon
	
	Missionary (mating press if have impregnation fetish)
	
	 the game still says for npcs that wear fishnet top + cupless bra that I don't know their nipples (No exposed status effect)
	  It says her large boobs are now exposed
	You've never seen her naked chest, so you don't know what her nipples look like
	
	AI in sex:
		Horse boy pulled out at 98 arousal in doggy-style
	
	
	I guess if it's in the player's hands (Like an option saying 'BAD END: Submit totally to Brax.'), then bad ends could be ok.
	
	furry tail option
		Well, I don't think it will be included by default, due to my concerns with how it would feel, but I could add a toggle in the options menu to enable it. It wouldn't really be any extra work to do that, and I guess everyone is happy then.
	
	Yeah, I'll add some more variation so that more NPCs resist if you have non-con turned on. At the moment, it's just virgins or NPCs that aren't attracted to you who will resist. ^^
	
	Add some more speech during sex, like little unique lines to say based on what fetishes they have.
	
	add a cryptic "on loan from Merle" note to Vicky
	
	make 'litter size increase' a stat to be manipulated like all the others
	
	Speaking of finger sucking, is it possible to make other people suck your fingers? I know you can stick your fingers everywhere else.
	
	Fetishes besides exhibitionist (and crossdresser) should be taken into account for clothing choices, too. Like a buttslut should be more likely to wear backless panties. And a pure virgin should probably never wear anything crotchless
	
	Add some variation to clothing removal priorities
		I might make some NPCs only interested in starting penetration as soon as possible
		Anal fetishists should only care about revealing ass (split receiving and giving fetishes)
	
	I should add 'storm' status effect to the sex screen, so it's clear that the storm is having an influence on them.
		Pure virgin 'Tease her pussy' -> her response is begging to be fucked x_x (Due to storm though???)
	
	Orgasm actions are sometimes defaulting to the special ones, sometimes the default ones :s
		MUTUAL ORGASMS!!!
		deepthroat during her orgasm, "you feel her insider slighlty twitching as her body shakes from her orgasm"
	
	harpy begs for sex after fight
	Than it proceeds like its rape
	Issue linked with Pure Virgin fetish/effect?
	
	The dog-girl grins at you as your no breasts are revealed, "Aww, are you trying to become a girl?"
	
	I sometimes couldent deepthroat cum intop a harpy (no mutual orgasm is the cause)
	
	 put some rudimentary java install instructions on the blog, followed by instructions on how to launch jar files via the command line.
	
	Harpy fingering :s
	
	You're right, it does remove the possibility of female NPCs using oral/masturbation actions in those positions. I didn't quite think that one through, and will most likely revert it in the next update. ^^

	I'm also planning on completely revamping the character creation screen soon (as well as adding 'penis virginity'), and once I do that there will be a lot more starting traits to choose from! ^^
	
	Seems cock size and cum production can be boostet infinitely while descriptions seem to cap out at stallion-sized/extreme, not sure if intentional or not.
	 Cum production also doesn't seem to have any effect when you're on the receiving end of the cock, in neither dominant nor submissive scenes that I've tested, not sure if a bug or just incomplete.
	  Deepthroating also doesn't seem to stretch your throat at all. As an aside on blowjobs there should probably also be an option to cum in someone's mouth,
	   or have them cum in yours and then spit/swallow/play around with it, etc as desired, possibly with a rough action to force swallow.
	 20% human encounters also seems to be broken, didn't get one human on that setting, but it might just have been RNG fucking with me.
	
	Also, possible bug but may also be intended: With the Exhibition Fetish enabled, wearing a pair of backless panties adds the +12 Willpower damage status, but does not remove the +4 variant as is expected.
	 Shifting them aside and removing them properly removes the +4 status, leaving the +12 variant in play, but replacing or re-equipping them produces the previous results of both statuses being applied.
	  Checked with my stats page to confirm that it is in fact affecting my character in this manner and the math checks out and is consistent with the statuses being simultaneously applied.
	   Key note is that the same results do NOT occur when using other types of clothing that blocks view of the genitals.
	 This was tested and remains consistent with both male and female characters. Saves used were created with current build, 0.1.81.
	 + assless chaps
	
	
	fondling balls is associated to oral fetish
	
	Pix scene behind non-con
	
	: I could add a 1-turn check so that if you've displaced that clothing, they prefer to displace on that same turn
	: I should also add a 'forbid self-clothing interaction' action
	
	exhibitionists wearing overbust corsets
	
	Could be fun to play around with that number. Like fetish affecting the outcome or how you do the combat maybe?
		"weakness exploited + 2 essance"
	
	wouldent it be better to change the "your naturel dog-morph's ears colour is black"
		To "your naturel dog-morph's fur colour is black"
	change the descriptions to say "You now have a dog-like tail, covered in black fur."
	
	are the foodstuffs supposed to have a transformation effect before they're made into potions or what because Rose warns you to be careful of everything you do unless you want to turn into a catgirl.
		hint at encahnting system
	
	: I should add 'forbid partner' to consensual scenes, to give you more control
	
	the game considers me penetrating Lilaya as me getting fucked by her in the dirty talk: "Don't stop! Fuck me!"
	
	use the matriarch items on NPCs
	
	1) Any harpy you encountered before making it safe will be impossible to meet their saved icon will remain on the area but they can't be encountered.
	2) After making the nest safe it is impossible to encounter the same harpy twice. Her icon remains but when you click look for trouble a completely different harpy shows ups.
	
	
	Brax sex ended with pregnancy warning. Last action was orgasm while getting licked.
	
	Dual strike text doesn't take into account misses
	
	Enemies seem to add more acceseries every time i encounter them
		they just keep putting on more clothes

	Could there be a fun stat for how many undies or jewelry stolen?
	
	also a rape fetish for NPCs that makes them always resist
	
	Pix has multiple rows of breats despite the fact that I've turned off the multi-breast setting. Is this because she's a pregenerated character?
	
	It'd be interesting if perks like cum addict and nympho had a bonus if they were satisfied recently, and a penalty if you've gone a while without cum/sex
	
	After giving a random npc mother's milk, the dialogue description's 3rd paragraph is addressing the PC instead of the npc: "You eagerly... overwhelms your senses... Before you know...." Etc.
	
	Mother's milk for kate
	
	
	Importer is deleting core stats
	
	
	AI:
		1. An enemy with the Dominant personality just shouted Dirty Talk at me. Not even finger sucking or anything else, just that.
	
		Even after giving permission, the NPC doesn't help with stripping of clothing. They don't even take their own clothes off. Related to this, NPCs are still not taking off their bottoms generally speaking, not related to the permission.
	
	
	
	Cum fetish needs variation for nympho.
		Timings for punishments.
			
			
	Add player sexuality as part of the gender preferences option menu
	
	font size: large is causing the boxes in furry preferences to not fit the text.
	
	Not sure if this is a bug, but since Brax became repeatable he now prefers anal without the Anal fetish.  In 10+ attempts I have never had him take my character vaginally regardless of whether I was a futa or pure female.
	
	
	Need to change onVirginity loss to take into account NPC and their penetration type.
	
	by the way Innoxia, were you aware that for some reason every time I take an enemy, they now lean against my tiny/large breasts?! I'm playing male this play through, no breasteses in selfie, yet lol
		as in sexebrating my victory over an opponent
	
	Random potion/elixirs as drops
	
	futa harpies a possibility.
	
	Oh and another bug, the "allow clothes" and "forbid self actions" buttons don't appear at the very start of sex with the matriarchs, you have to do certain actions first.
	
	During sex, If an NPC (Any race) removes their top I don't know what their breasts look like, but if I remove their top I do know what their breasts look like.
	

	
	Also, "stroke cock" only works during sex with Brax now, and not in any other sexual encounter.
	Btw, Innoxia, stroke cock is still not working.
	Also, "stroke your cock" during sex doesn't work.
	
	Skin/eye/hair/fur colour groups
	
	Pregnant demons to grow penis? Doesn't this break pregnancy? :o
	 
	 Nah, sex again afterwards with a normal creampie caused the 'there's a chance she'll get pregnant' message.
	  If there was a prior valid creampie, it would have given the 'if she wasn't already pregnant, there's a chance she is now' message. And I just discovered that Pussy2Mouth does not take your partner's oral virginity.
	
	Just restarted and tried the Brax encounter.  Attempted a Cowgirl but for some reason, I can't ride Brax's cock.
	
		
	Bree/Brandi pregnant talk
	
	
	If Brax beats you, when he takes off your clothes it replaces his name with yours
	
	I'm not sure if this was a bug or not but when testing the above bug, Brax as the dom wouldn't seem to start vagina sex until the exact moment you orgasm,
	 which is what made me notice the above bug in the first place. So I tried testing as many times as I could but Brax for some reason just wouldn't cooperate,
	  he'd do start anal sex before I'd orgasm but not vaginal, I just thought it was weird, might be a bug, might not, I dunno.
	
	Transformation fetish NPCs to be hybrids
		Gate Brax TF behind fetish
		NPCs force TF you on combat defeat
	
	Items!
	
	Quest mechanics are stupid x_x
	
	I tried recoloring bree's panties in black but just spent one brush. Can you either avoid dyeing on these kind of NPC's or make it persistent,
	
	
	Taking own (anal) virginity using tail gives Brax taking virginity scene
	
	
	after I move to the left and then return to Candi's desk I can't actually do anything to Brandi, and when I moved away from the desk, the game acted like I was still interacting with Candi, with Brandi's inventory screen instead of the map
	
	
	cum addicts shouldn't make pull out requests.
	
	Alchemist perk
		Reduce essence costs
		Add values to increase/decrease descriptions
	
	Add 'Undo' beneath the 'Add' button in enchanting menu
	
	Brax as futa option
	
	
	Add an option 0 'Leave' for Bree's options
	
	Add search (option 6) to harpy nests.
	
	
	Used condoms impregnation + Pregnancy test
	Pregnancy test
		Ends risk phase
		Lets you know who father is, and children
	
	Harpy encounters
	
	Taking virginity NPC reactions
	
	------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
	
	Combine Dominion and Harpy NPCs into a generic NPC class.
	Make encounter text based on their location.
	
	
	Dual cocks, cock customisation
	
	Expand colouring of parts:
		horse cock colouring
		Tails, wings, and horn got their own color separate from the base skin color.
		Add multiple colours to one body part (so you could have orange-black stripes or brown-white mottled fur and stuff ^^) spots, striped, mottled
			Single colour (default)
			Spots (Primary = background, Secondary = spots)
			Stripes (Primary = background, Secondary = spots)
			Mottled (Primary = background, Secondary = mottle)
	
	Lips: thin, full, plump, huge, massive
	hair styles
	nail polish
	makeup
	
	Dyebrush item for skin colours
	
	
	
	
	So I put on a jinxed clothing item, and now I'm stuck on the page telling me to talk to Lilaya
		Pressing continue (or 1) isn't doing anything
	
	
	[Ashley.they], [Ashley.them] and [Ashley.theirpro]
	
	No option to be bottom if you win as a male.
	 Also, I've seen a rather odd bug: at random I'll get a notice when an NPC has breasts or genitals exposed that I've never seen what that body part looks like, even though I'm now staring right at them.
	 So far the Succubus and a couple other general NPCs have had that at least once when they or I uncover their chest or any goodies downstairs.
	  I'll try a fresh new game later on as I realize I keep using my old saves and forget that that might cause issues as well.
	 One more thing, not really an issue but some might find it annoying: there doesn't seem to be a way to skip the intro anymore.
	
	
	I'm glad that the new enchanting system has addressed that other issue, but I might still add a 'Drink all' option for non-crafted potions/consumables. ^^
	
	
	I didn't see this in the notes but I noticed that the prices for Ralph's goods have gone up a bit, not a huge amount but things do cost a bit more.
	
	I know harpies are getting worked on, but just adding that I have encountered female harpies with the the deflowering fetish.
	 Also, harpies with a pregnancy fetish that ask me to breed them are still mad when I encounter them again and they are pregnant.
	
	
	I'll change those kissing descriptions soon (they don't really fit very well at the moment, you're right).
	
	Oh, also, Anonymous, I'll get that issue fixed as well. I'll make it so new vaginas have some starting wetness and elasticity, thanks for the feedback! ^^
	
	
	I'm not exactly sure what caused it, but after crafting potions I'm unable to exit the inventory screen
		The last thing I crafted was a human potion of larger testicles
		Also, the selfie screen seems to always say you have a genderless mound along with any genitals you have
		Can't seem to remove jynxed clothing, clicking the clothing in the dejynx menu doesn't do anything
	
	
	crotchless briefs
	
	 I equipped a pair of shoes that spawned cursed and I didn't get the quest to ask lilaya how to remove them
	
	Getting mound description in selfie even when ahving penis + vagina
	
	Harpy nests
		Harpy attack
		Three matriarchs
	
	Consider uncommon (green) items
	
	Fetish dreams
	
	
	Enchantments upgrade
		Allow multiple effects
			Combine same effects
			
	Add text feedback for when potion is crafted
	
	virgin killer (+groin cover)
	fishnet skirt
	
	
	Add more demon types
	
	
	Writing improvements needed:
		Virginity loss (nipple, throat)
		All sex actions.
		Check deflowering for other orifices
		Rewrite and improve a lot of those 'ongoing' descriptions during sex. (NPC's generateGenericPenetrationDescription method)
		
	
	Orgasms
	
	
	Tattoos
		
	Fix lag in clicking items in inventory
		
	I especially like the stripping reactions from PC/NPC as breasts and genitals are revealed, adds fun immersion. But I find that extra scene is missing if already naked or wearing crotchless panties.
	 Any chance of a reaction to those at start of battle/sex encounters? I'm sure some would give catcalls ;D Bonus for naughty exposed virgins.
	
	Add flavour text to explore action
	
	In Lilaya's climax scene: that scene states that she pulls herself off the PC's cock, but the game doesn't reflect.
	
	
	-------------
	
	Loading screen when generating map
	
	By submitting content or code to Lilith's Throne you agree to grant the developer "Innoxia" perpetual, unlimited license to use, modify, extend, or include that content in any fashion the developer sees fit,
		either in Lilith's Throne or any other project, game, story, movie, visual novel, or any other project the developer may create in the future.
	This includes, but is not limited to, character concepts and designs, written art, programming code and/or logic, accompanying art, sound effects, voice acting, or music.
	
	
	
	
	The ability to give Mother's Milk to pregnant characters, for sudden growth, or to hurry up and get them un-pregnant as quickly as possible.
	
	Increase cum/milk amount from potions.
	
	Add a way to jinx clothing
	
	Ralph scene, he uses tests until he knocks you up
	
	Go through all unique scenes and fix (don't expand yet, not enough time)
	
	Add rough/gentle/normal start for victory
	Add resist/eager start options to harpies
	
	Make it so you can switch positions even if penetrating (remove all penetration)
	
	AI in sex
		Make them get on with penetration a lot quicker than they currently do
			Make them prefer penis penetration
			
		Far too keen on self-actions
	  		
	  	Only the male human I fought and lost to had me doggy and just quite literally sat there and did nothing (his turns actually boiled down to him taking no action at all) until just before he came. 
			So far the option to be bottom for either male or female PC's is no where to be seen and even NPC's seem content to sticking to foreplay only.
	
	Go through and make sure resist is before normal->eager
	
	Maybe change it so that NPCs (while being the sub) will be allowed to penetrate you if your pace is gentle.
	
	add "feathered wings" to the [npc.arm+] command for harpy arms
		Rewrite harpy hands
		Leaving it as the arm ending in a hand covered in plumage and with feather-like fingers coming out if should work just fine.
		Parser "hand" and "finger"/"fingers" commands for harpy
	
	Allow unique NPCs to wear condoms, drink MM, take pills, etc.
	
	"Buy all I can afford" option instead of buy all when you can't afford all items in a stack
	
	Insemination orgasm (requires free cock, free pussy)
	
	----------------
	
	**Tail vagina**
	**Tail anus**
	**Tongue nipple**
	**Tongue anus**
	
	Bimbo lover/Bimbo
		-> braindead bimbo (all you can think about is bimbos)
	
	
	Add partner reactions during sex. (I'd be great if that remark from Lilaya was made as a response to that comment from the PC on the same 'turn')
	
	Add corruption requirements for rape/resist for NPCs
	
	
	
	Extra action descriptions for future:
		Face-to-wall:
			Reach around to breasts.
			Reach around to stroke cock.
			Descriptions of pushing into wall while fucking. (Reaching down to hold hips etc.)
		Pretty much every action x_x
			(They are all very generic and boring.)
		Orgasms in kneeling don't take pace into account properly.
		Orgasms in kneeling need a mutual variant.
		Expand/incorporate pace for all orgasms
		Herm fun in sixty-nine.
		Doggy actions:
			Grope breasts (reach around description).
			Add 'tail pull' as a rough action (grabbing base of tail and pulling back onto cock as fuck them). Remove this description from the generic 'Rough'.
			Add gentle fucking.
	
	
	Pregnant:
		belly rubbing action during gentle pace
		belly rubbing, belly wobbling during rough
	
	
	----------------------
	
	Back to wall (Ass on groin) Position:
		Forcing sub to fuck ass.
	
	Doggy oral Position:
		Dom performing oral & masturbation on doggy-style.
		
	----------------------
	
	
	
	CHECK FURRY OPTIONS (start of game)
		Are they working correctly?!?!
	
	Allow position changes while penetrating
		Remove all penetration on position/manager change.
		
	
	
	Fisting
	Head pats
	Ear scratching
	Specifically targetting cat-morphs, scraches just above the tail
	
	Add way to change sexual preferences and fetishes (at orgasm). [Requires mind-break fetish]
	
	retcon lore (not everyone is willing)
	
	Handle partner orgasm when you're not ready (still give player option of how to react)
	
	Add UI display for arousal gained. (arousal/turn)
	
	Improve "Recovering orifice" status effects (show timer and icon for orifice)
	
	
	Support partner-less sex.
	
	Lilaya's room
		Laundry basket
			steal dirty panties
			cumming in Lilaya's dirty panties
		Drawers
			steal panties
			cumming in Lilaya's clean panties
		
	Smell front/back
	Lick front/back
	Fantasise
	Penis:
		Wrap around jerk-off
		Stroke over head
		Rub over balls
	Vagina:
		Push inside
		Rub over clit
	Mound:
		Rub over mound
	Orgasm:
		Muffle mouth
		Cum in panties
		Stuff inside
		
		
	Rose romance (fem-dom, requires feminine player):
		(Rose has sub and dom fetishes.)
		Ask to help out.
		She gives you a maid uniform.
		She becomes really dom.
		Have to go around helping her clean the house.
		She forces you to eat her out.
		When romance level is high, she shows you 'extra' duties (teaches you how to get fucked by Lilaya in a threesome).
	
	
	
	Direct cum in orgasm
	
	I'll add a 'drink all' option to stacks of potions
	
	egg laying content. When Lilaya is the father, don't get aggressive towards her, and instead force her to help you protect your eggs.
	
	Colour for hotkey on button
	
	blend together potions for the same affects in a single potion
	
	I'll probably do as you suggest, and add in a 1 or 2 day timer before NPCs get new clothes.
	
	Would be nice to have a bit better highlighting on perks you've already taken.
	
	It should probably be possible to call for Rose from your room
	
	Hair styles
	
	add lactation increases during pregnancy.
	
	Braindead bimbo fetish
	
	Body toning
	
	add life-spans to the encyclopdia entries
	
	the auto fit of the text on buttons looks odd. better return it to the way it was before. The text shrinks, making it contrast and out of place compared to the text on other buttons.
	
	go through documents. (The ones that person sent you ^^)
	
	If the player has a the "pure virgin" and "love" fetish, they'll gain the "innocent virgin" derived fetish.
		This fetish makes it so the player doesn't gain "broken virgin" if they lose they virginity with a monogamous lover.
		But if for some reason they ever have sex with a non-lover npc, either by rape or cheating, they gain "broken virgin" too.
	
	Also, now that we can mass-produce potions, it might be useful to mass-feed people them
		(Add a 'use all' option or something)
	
	I have a suggestion, not sure where to put it in the suggestion doc, features? However, anyways not sure if this has been suggested or not.
	 Whenever you submit/ lose to an npc they only have one orgasm then leave, have not encountered one that has more than one yet.
	  Could it be possible to increase the number of times they can orgasm before they are satisfied? Maybe you could use their stamina to determine how many orgasms they can have, maybe 1 per 20 stamina points,
	   can change this to balance it out a bit? Whenever I fuck an npc I make sure to fill all of their holes, maybe there could be a few who try to do the same or an npc with an impregnate
	    fetish will make sure to empty themselves to make sure the chance of impregnation is high or something along the same line of thought.
	
	
	Make all penetrative actions ignore self-penetration. (You can fuck partner even if they're fingering themselves.)
	
	Fingerless elbow length (fishnet) gloves
	
	Need to display fetish requirements in tooltip
	
	Force fetishes on NPCs through spending arcane essences as they orgasm
	
	
	Sex:
		CHECK PHONE SEX DESCRIPTIONS
		
		TEST EVERY SEX SCENE
		Ralph: prioritise clothing removal before sex
		
		It seems that 69 sex is a position that can't be switched out of (and doggy?)
	
		because the option to request a pullout is X for me
	
		Better review the various buttons and the coloring post-refactoring.
	
	
	Content:
		After talking to Lilaya about any topic, one has to leave and re-enter the lab to talk to her again.
			Re-do all of Lilaya's scenes to allow continuation of talking.
	
		Harpy nests (Alexa and the three matriarchs)
		
		Harpy attacker
		Ok last bug report from me for tonight, I got a random harpy girl pregnant and it said this:
		"TODO: Harpy is pregnant encounter.
		You ended up getting Ralph pregnant, and now she wants revenge!"
	
		Scarlett quest progress
	
		----------
	
		
	Players with high enough strength/fitness and the dominant fetish should be able to flip the tables on Pix during her scene and dominate her
	
	Also, it'd be nice to be able to fuck Kate without her asking us to if we have high enough corruption
		Requirements: Cock, corruption>50
		Surprise penetration
	
	There's somewhat of an exploit with the bookcase in your bedroom. If you read the books you gain .5 intelligence from both books, but that's a one-time thing, I suppose.
		However if you save after getting the intelligence, close the game and reload your character you can read both again for a free 1 Intelligence each time you do this.
	
	perk descriptions (+25 or +60)
	
	Bimbo salon
	
	Fast travel to key places
		you could add a small quest item section to the inventory page, and have Lilaya give you some kind of magical teleportation item that you can "register" to certain frequently visited areas after you've been there once
	
	add Lilin corrupt into demon lore
	
	explore action in harpy nests
	
	Enchanting utility methods (recipe unlocks)
	
	~pregnancy probability certainty added multiple times (once for each encounter)~
	
	Improve characters present screen to use combat layout
	
	Improved bimbo speech
	
	TF reactions
	
	keybinds for 10-15
	
	Lilaya not get so mad when impregnated the second/third+ times.
	
	test lilaya scenes
	essence scenes
	
	Lock Brax TF behind TF fetish
	
	add incubus
	
	Slime back tentacles
	
	Improve use descriptions for all items
	
	Kate getting you pregnant reactions
	
	Create TF fetish
		NPCs need TF preference, then TF the player post-defeat
			Race
			Gender
	
	Clothing in different slots
	
	Rewrite storm attack to make it clear that they're in heat/rut
	
	An auto strip button would be nice so you don't have to go through three menus each turn
	
	map view
	
	"punish" for sadist
	
	Make every Colour reference a BaseColor
	
	Incest encounter: Let PC define what son/daughter calls you
	
	Clothing durability:
		So the swimsuit (which I use for testing as it's the most awkward one), would have 'top half', 'bottom half', and 'midriff'.
		The top half being torn would reveal breasts, the bottom half would reveal groin, and the midriff would reveal stomach.
	
	--------------------------
	
	
		
	Make options:
		Breast count
		Furry
		Sexual preference
	
	Sex rework:
		Tail/hair pulling....
		Doggy style positioning changes...
		Add missionary at some point...
	
	
	
	Brax TF into wolf-girl or futa or shemale
		Let her dominate you afterwards
	
	
	3. Polish Brax's, Ralph's, and the Succubus's sex scenes.
	
	4. Options to interact with the succubus's nipples/tail will be included next version. (As well as demonic penis/vagina descriptions, and unique descriptions for the succubus.)
	
	6. Lilaya needs incest fetish
	
	
	Write variants for persistent NPCs encountering you after the first time.
	Polish all TF descriptions (especially the Harpy ones).
	Write in the next part of the story. (I may or may not have time to include a new sex scene, I think I may end up spending a lot of time polishing the ones that are already in the game.)
	
	Expand Lilaya & Kate pregnancy scenes
	
	I mean personally I take insane pride in teasing ralph by already being pregnant
	Ralph romance
	
	font style switcher
	
	And I'll be adding a way to upgrade potions into full-tf versions.
	
	Add something so that during the same scene they got genderbent in, NPCs acknowledge that their new genitals are new
	
	
	
	Affection:
		Random attackers (only in alleyway):
			Ask for name + Give your name
			->
			Ask why she/he attacked you (need money & then your aura turns them on)
			->
			Ask to be friends (they stop attacking you) OR if you have a slave collar, and the necessary documents, you can enslave them
			->
			Talk about life & have sex
			->
			Ask to move in (they move into Lilaya's home)
			->
			Scene with you introducing them to Lilaya
			->
			Can get sex in their room
	
	
	Change saving/loading files to use an InputStream
	
	Add back in random descriptions for CityPlaces streets
	
	Re-do how quests are handled in the engine (it's really bad at the moment...)
	
	Crafting:
		Change modifiers into ingredients
	
	
	Check export character methods
	
	Change 'request vagina/anal/oral' somehow
	
	
	------------------------
	{lilaya.cockSize>16 and lilaya.cockInPartner(pussy):[lilaya.speech(That's right, you love big cocks, don't you slut?)]}
	
	command++
	commandDD
	
	crotch/groin
		lists all genitals
	
	sheath/base/knot
	
	sack
	
	ball/balls
	
	cum flavour/colour/viscosity
	girlcum
	
	---------------------
	
	
	
	Add pregnancy details to encyclopedia entries for races.
	
	Add partner reactions to creampies.
	
	add back demon TF
	
	Change ongoing sex '+40%' stuff to flat values. (+0.5 per turn etc.)
	
	\[[^.]*?\]
		
		
	Main goals:
		Lilaya romance quest (becoming a demon) Going along with the theme of incest, Lilaya's mother looks exactly like your mother.
			After sex, she mentions wanting to show you how she can TF herself
			Next sex scene, she offers transformations
			After sex, she says how it would be so much better if she were a full demon
			Agree to help
			Have to contact Lilaya's mother (she likes burning bridges...)
			Go find her at demon home
			Have to persuade her to come visit Lilaya (Lilaya really burnt some bridges here...)
				Let her fem-dom you
				Passionate appeal
			She takes up residency at Lilaya's home (for the rest of the game).
			Next time you visit, you find her just having arrived. (She is mercilessly teasing Rose, who is extremely uncomfortable.)
				Lilaya breaks it up
				Lyssieth decides to stay for a while (she has a couple of slaves with her)
			Meet Lilaya in lab again
				She is annoyed that you didn't ask Lyssieth to TF her. (As you didn't really get an opportunity)
		
		
	
	{
		
		[60] Improved parter positioning actions. If your partner is the sub, they will request positions, requiring you to either go along with it, or deny them (which will stop them from attempting to position themselves again).
		[120] Improve orgasms and sex action types (cum inflation)
		
		[120] Character creation expansion
		[45] Move race status effect icon up to be the level-up icon. (Then do the same with your partner in sex.)
		[180] Phone menus
	}
	
	
	time progression changes
		shops closing
		(UI changes...)
	
	[60]

		tongue names
	
		add preferred positions and random fetishes to attackers
		partners need to be limited by corruption/fetishes as well
	
	I'll add a way to get your fingers wet, so that you can transfer saliva to your partner's (or your own) orifices easily.
	
	finger insemination
	
	orgasm reactions (cumming on player parts needs more detail, as well as directing away)
		Partner fucking player example:
		You feel partner about to orgasm. (along with their chosen attempt, either cumming inside or pulling out)
		Reaction option for partner in vagina: Allow pull out | Force creampie
		
		Partner giving blowjob example:
		Choose: Deepthroat | Cum in mouth | Facial
		Partner: Resist/submit | spit/swallow | stay still/direct away
	
	
	deny for sub?
	
	Painful stretching description variants.
		Descriptions should be things like "You cry out in pain as the wolf-boy's massive knotted cock forces its way into your tight asshole."
		
		
	
	Improve horny demon's penetration & dirty talk text.
	
	nipple fucking in 69 & kneeling
	
	Is to have penetration (and various other things) sort of be a "passive" state where the scene just assumes there's thrusting going on even if you actively choose other actions
	So the actions related to penetration would be more about changing pace, withdrawing, or special actions like mutual orgasm or denial or whatever
	Make pink text more narrative.
	
	Add 'free' perks
		Sexual preference (fem++, fem, bi, mas, mas++)
		Furry preference (moved from options)
		Racial preference (can select multiple)
	
	Make attackers during storm in rut/heat
		Rough/ignore all requests.
		
	Brax secretary TF warning
	
	
	I'm also going to greatly expand the character creation options at the start of the game. There will be more options for hair/eye/skin colours, as well as options for starting piercings/tattoos/clothing.
	 I'll also add more detailed body options, so you'll be able to customise all your starting body sizes/capacities/elasticities etc.
	
	Mutual orgasms (cum inside and pull out)
	Better orgasms (import from old scenes)
	
	
	Make action types (so can highlight them as important):
		PLAYER_POSITION_SWITCH(isPlayerAction, isOrgasm)
		PLAYER_PENETRATION
		PARTNER_POSITION_SWITCH
		PARTNER_PENETRATION
		
	
	finish:
		Improved mutual orgasms so that you always have the choice of how you want to orgasm.
	
	
	[120] Add cowgirl (dom+sub) 60/60
	
	----- Rolling into pregnancy:
	Lilaya (doesn't want to get pregnant)
		She asks you to pull out
			If you don't, she starts having a rant at you. "Aren't I supposed to be your aunt?! You want to get your aunt pregnant?!"
			"Yes": She grows a demonic cock and tries to impregnate you as some sort of twisted punishment
			"No": Advances to next stage.
		If you aren't infertile, you get her pregnant, and she gets really pissed off at you (no more sex, as she's really quite furious).
		Trigger for Lilaya quest progress. (She says she'll kick you out if you don't do as she says)
		Have to apologise by going to tell her mother that you got her pregnant (she won't let anyone else help her give birth)
		Maid at mother's house says she'll inform her mistress.
		Lilaya forgives you (unlocks pregnant Lilaya sex)
		
		
	Kate (wants cum, doesn't care if she gets pregnant)
		Sex scene while she's pregnant (same, but with flavour text)
		She's lactating
		Can cum on her belly
	
	
	
	
	
	Make weapons equippable in both slots (ranged weapons do less damage, but have an in-built crit chance?)
	
	
	Change fetishes to highlight in the status bar if they're applying effects.
		(e.g. anal fetish will provide +20% arousal if any anal pen is going on)
	
	
	
	change minx and the other one to:
		sexual preferences (can switch between at any time) (I can't use homosexual or heterosexual, as the nature of the game switches the PC's gender often, which would get confusing):
		
		Gynephilic:
			+more likely to encounter females
			-take increased tease damage from females
			+take decreased tease damage from males
		Androphilic:
			opposite
		Bisexual:
			encounter females and males at the same rate
			standard tease damage from both
	
	Need to make corruption more punishing. (Now that all sex actions are unlocked)
	
	
	
	Make pregnancy fetish unable to use condoms
	
	Combat:
		Factor in enemy sexual preference for tease attacks (they take 25% damage if they're not attracted to your gender)
		Add 'free perks', which you can switch between.
			'Furry'
			'sexual preference'
			'multi-breast'
		
	Add slap and tickle (Should fit in with Pix's character)
	
	Enemy refinement:
		In storm, everyone's in a rut/heat, so they don't care what gender you are.
		Otherwise, males will rape and oral females, and only oral males.
		Females will rape and oral anything.
		Corrupted enemies will use a single transformation on you before sex (into their race or opposite gender).
			(Can smash first drink to get the other one if you prefer.)
			Females: "I can get rid of the competition!"
			Males: "This city needs more girls for me to fuck"
		
	
	Tooltip over perks bugs when near edge of screen. (cause of those three bug reports)
	
	When you choose to submit after winning a fight, the dialogue gets mixed up at the second line (the enemy speaks as if they're you, and you speak as if you're the enemy.) It's especially funny if you have the bimbo fetish. :P
	
	Brax orgasms need some polish
	Need more mutual orgasms
	
	Remove fetish turning you on text. Instead, list +20% arousal as a bonus for the fetish perk. (too much writing clutter)
	
	Add penetrating sex effects for penis
	
	balance attribute modifiers
	
	add "safe from storm" effect, to make it clear there is a storm going on outside
	
	-----------------
	
	update inventory UI when clothing gets dirty
	
	Make requirements obvious in tooltip for options
		This may be a part of the DialogueNode revamp
	
	
	Fix tooltip heights.
	
	
	change non-consensual stuff.
		sexual preferences (set on character creation and can edit in options)
		will be respected by non-corrupted NPC sex scenes
		(your character says you're not into that stuff, and they leave)
		If enemy is high corruption, they'll rape you anyway (keep Dominion attackers low corruption to avoid this)
		Weak-aura Demon and demon futa will be first high corruption enemies that don't give a shit
	
	
	Status effects post-sex:
		"afterglow" (dom non-con or con)
		"violated" (sub non-con)
		
	Add corruption gains for choosing to rape someone/do corrupt things.
	Make options that do this appear purple (like sex is pink and combat is red)
	
	
	Do all sex scenes' fetishes and re-writes
	Remember:
		pure=kissing, vanilla=all standard, horny=anal, dirty=getting crazy, lustful=feeding cum/depraved stuff, corrupt=forced incest impregnation stype stuff
	
	add variations in oral scene for if you're creampied
	
	Give characters a lung capacity, and a gag reflex stat for measuring their deepthroating skill.
	
	Use 'Used Condoms' as the test object for individual item types.
	These will be used in the pregnant random attacker's scene.
	alleyway encounter: see a girl getting fucked, they leave the used condom behind (so you know what cum is inside). gain corruption?
	
	level up screen: perks in tabs, so can make icons bigger/easier to see
	| Strength | Intelligence | Fitness | Fetishes |
	
	tooltip appearing on right for a split second sometimes	
	
	Make Brax's scene repeatable (maybe not though, as he will be making a re-appearance later on in the story...)
	
	Corrupted demons
	Force demon tf on you (they sense your aura)
	Lilith's pet (demon TF item)
	
	Throat stretched stuff.
	Stretching should be 1-time, and only do it at penetration or for special events (taking a knot)
	Add stretchOrifice(character, PenisSize) to sex, so there can be extra stretch evens other than initial penetration. can then use this method in applyEffects() in SexAction
	
	In selfie/body descriptions, highlight racial parts and colours.
	
	Pregnancies:
		(Them) Kate
		(Them) Randoms (with pregnant encounter)
		(You) Ralph reactions/sex
		(You) Brax reactions/sex
		(You) Lilaya reactions/no sex while pregnant
		
	

	"I also have some crash logs in my public Lilith Dropbox: https://db.tt/Xd1x14UWSG"
	
	Floor needs special type of inventory (I haven't even tested if it can overflow!)
	
	Make buttons for all attacks (for those that don't want to use keyboard)
	
	test piercing loss on body part loss
	
	Make sure all listeners are working/needed
	
	Make overview map
	
	Succubi's Secrets
		Tattoos
	
	save screen
	
	highlight text back (disable it in all non basic screens though)
	
	Change "Do nothing" to "In control" to "Full control" at higher corruptions
		
	[Multi-Breasts Off | Extra Breasts all flat | Multi-Breasts On].
	
	Melee spells: basic damage and basic protection/shields. Ranged spells: offensive and defensive utility, which can take many forms
	add steal spell (steals a random piece of clothing). If steal panties or bra, the opponent misses their next turn "W-What are your doing?! Y-You pervert!"
		Add display rack for stolen panties
	
	
	---------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
	simple and detailed version of icons (for performance and better artwork)
	
	Corruption:
	NPC condom use & pull out (low corruption, they will, middle they won't, high they say they will, then don't)
	"Guilty concience" status effect if vanilla and didn't do as NPC asked.
	
	Pregnancy lore. The children inherit characteristics of the father, even though they're of the race of the mother. E.g. a harpy giving birth to a horse-morph's children will produce stronger than average harpies
	
	Shower at gym have same effects as at home. Maybe make a "wash" method
	
	TF hair colour
	
	
	
   For that matter, you should probably make there be a "window" for fertilization (if you haven't already done this - I'm too tired to check the code right now) where if you "might" get pregnant,
    the father can be anyone who inseminates you within, say, the first hour (or more) of the "risk of pregnancy" status.
      but it's good if there's at least a mechanic in place which allows for uncertainty of paternity if the player is getting around a lot.
	
	 Content is really bare bones as most town locations aren't done yet, you can beat the weak ass enemies at level 1 no problem, and the main quest hasn't even completed the first act.
	  tf potions work, but suffers from major case of furry. Most clothing just adds 1 phys def with the exception of the jinxed circlets found via rng.
	
	Think about changing how TF items work.
		Something cool, but not too grindy.
		Like needing three components to unlock a tf.
		Then easier once you have that?
		
	Your aura collects essences from defeated enemies
	Used in crafting
	Lore:
		Go see Lilaya after the first time you collect an essence.
		She is really surprised that you can do that, as only Lilin have that power.
		It doesn't hurt the people you take essences from, it's more like a snapshot of their power.
		She has all the equipment to use essences to create powerful potions (she explains this is where TF items come from)
		
		
		
		
	Core component: dog/wolf/cat etc.
	3 slots for Modifiers (can use any of the following in each slot):
		TF
		Sexual TF
		Stats
		Boost
	
New content
    Add beauty salon to Shopping Promenade (change hair colours & get piercings/tattoos).
    Add more variation to random assailants (human/partial/lesser/greater tf status, varying breast/penis/vagina sizes, varying skin/fur colours).
    Add in more content for Lilaya's romance storyline.
    Add in a rare chance for a demon encounter during storms.
    Add Pix's shower scene.
    Work on finishing the next stage of the main quest. This will involve writing content for two of the currently disabled map locations. It will also add in a new race, basic slave management, and a unique NPC (of the new race). (This is a long-term goal for v0.1.7).

Gameplay
    Fix how storage works at Lilaya's home.
    Stop random encounters from occurring at several places on the map. (To fit in with some lore that's coming in the new content.)
    Polish and improve Brax's scene. This will involve removing the bad end and adding in three unique item drops.
    Add in an option to reduce the amount of furry content. This will greatly reduce the chances of random encounters being greater/lesser morphs, but will not alter the body types of any unique NPCs.
    Expand character creation options.

UI
    Finish the light theme (I know some of the text colours are unreadable at the moment).
    Finish font resizing feature.
    Buttons are sometimes off-screen when the game starts.
    The save game window is sometimes not opening. I'll investigate this.
    Fix hotkey names on response options. (At the moment, it says things like 'Close Bracket' instead of ']')
    Fix all text colours.
    Make it more obvious when you gain/lose a status effect.
    Make it more obvious that you can undress in sex.

Clothing
    Improve the enchantment/jinxed mechanics. possibly introducing a "sealed" mechanic to jinxed items.

Combat
    !!!Balance combat!!!
    Add some combat-related items, and implement item usage (healing & utility consumables).
    Improve shield spells.
    Improve weapons (both variety and spells gained).

Transformations
    Create some unique icons for the non-racial TF items.
    Add more TF items.
    Add more TF possibilities.

Sex
    Polish and fix bugs in all sex scenes.
    Properly apply new corruption mechanics to all sex scenes.
    General improvements to all sex scene descriptions.
		
	
	
	/*
	 * TODO Pix shower scene
	 * 
	 * Player: Kiss Clean breasts & arms Clean hips & legs Clean pussy & ass
	 * 
	 * Prepare vaginal Penetrate Hold hips Feel breasts
	 * 
	 * Guide hand to pussy Start Pix's fingering
	 * 
	 * Pix: Kiss Guide hands over breasts over hips into pussy
	 * 
	 * Lines cock up to her pussy Starts penetration
	 * 
	 * Fingers press to player's pussy Starts fingering player
	 * 
	 * Orgasm: Pix jumps on you and locks legs, forcing you to cum in her You
	 * collapse against the wall as Pix continues violently fingering you
	 * 
	 */
	
	
	
	Nightlife:
		Choose safe way back or shortcut.
		Shortcut can result in a fight with a male (girl/boy fights with you).
		If lose (player/partner):
			If M/M, or F/M, the male makes your friend fuck your mouth as he fucks your ass/pussy.
			If M/F, the male warms up with your mouth, then fucks/cums in your friend and forces you to clean up after him.
			If F/F, the male puts your friend ontop of you, both face down ontop of a crate, and takes turns fucking you both. Cums in friend first, then you.
	
	
	
	
	Dominion (with sub-area of Submission), Jungles (Caverns), Fields (Forest), Endless Sea (Depths), Desert (canyons), Lilith's Tower
	
	Some fish change color in spawning season. That should totally be in the game.
	
	Add flying fishmaids in Endless Sea and Pixies in Dominion and other areas.
	
	dolphin mermaids with trap males 
	
	Aquarium in room
	
	
1. There should be a "take all" and "drop all" button for items in inventory. "Sell all" and "use all" wouldn't hurt either, to avoid repetitive button pushing.

Another note: you've incorporated a very unusual fetish item into your game - that "finger insemination" thing you mentioned in the change log. I don't know how big the percentage is, but I've heard people griping about the lack of content like that - autoinsemination of various sorts, etc. In my usual tradition of spewing out ideas, here are some additional mentions in that vein in case you are interested:
-Insemination from ejaculating over a gaping pussy (only possible with low tightness; or immediately after intercourse, if you add a "pull out" option, assuming a large enough cock vs inelastic enough pussy (assuming you go with my elasticity modification above))
-If you ever add threeways, giving a BJ and not swallowing or spitting followed by oral on a female could be used to push semen inside a vagina
-If you ever add condoms, self insem. with used condoms (for EXTRA perversity, add used condom stealing from sex scenes the PC witnesses, for that purpose)
-If you ever add group/gang bangs, could have some kind of "sperm racing" event where PC takes a bunch of sperm from participants and inseminates herself (funnel? turkey baster?) to see which one gets to be a father
	
	
	
	
	Improve non-racial TF items.
		add perk "chemistry", which reveals very detailed information about TF consumables. Also gives option to "examine" consumables, unlocking them in the item browser without having to suffer their effects.
	Go over and check other TF items.
	futa tf item
	
	horse hair tail (and others) need to be related to starting hair colour.
	
	item usage (flash powder (blinds), lilith's comet (random spell), healing salts, mind mist, muscle cream)
	Balance Combat (costs of spells & SAs, don't let player cast if it would cause them to lose)
	Generic assailants should use their special attacks.
	
	Split generic assailants into male/female
	Check sex methods to make sure they are removing clothing properly.
	
	Encounter races
	Enemies transform you during sex. (lesser morphs will use wet kiss/dry squeeze on you. Greater morphs will use racial TF items)
	You can transform enemies during sex.
	
			
	
	Make it more obvious when you gain/lose a perk or status effect (add to end stringbuilder)
	Submissive perk allows you to use defeat sex scenes
	Improve Submissive (allow you to use defeat sex scenes), Exhibitionist (special tattoos) and Masochist(more combat bonuses) perks
	add lesser and greater perk variants for each race (and move racial status effect into perk)
		
	When non con is on the description of enemies attacking you acts as if all of them do not want to have sex witch you even if they do.
	
	: If you choose the resisting pace during a scene, begging the other person to stop requiers vanilla corruption,. Shouldn't begging someone to stop not require corruption at all?
		(I think this is dirty talk)
		
	changing someone's species seem to break their item drops, it does change the essence they drop, but force-transformed opponents seems to drop no items at all.
	
	GET ALL THIS DONE TODAY: (how long ago was this?)
	
	!!!Combat first-pass balance!!!
	
	Inventory more intuitive -> grey out clothing equip option if can't be equipped.
	
	
	Test adding a little 'i' icon to things that can be hovered over
	
	Put "level up" icon next to level up bar. Highlights when can level up.
	 	
	brax drops enforcer shirt, aviators and shorts
	
	combat name is slightly off-centre
	
	Make return to title menu option
	
	Expand character creation options (second screen with sexual options?)
		Orifice plasticity
		(Anal) Virgin
		
	
	
	
	Need to make a highestZLayerClothingBlocking method that takes into consideration displacement
	
	Add status effects for being cummed in (creampied asshole, creampied pussy)
	Requires map for player areasCummedInMap<CoverableArea, Boolean>
	gym showers, your room, need to clean
	
	UI: Test making attributes look like combat. Where effects is, split into 4 panels, have faint background text saying "Perks", "Status Effects", "Abilites"
	
	combat descriptions need improving. Give actual hit chance values. Special attack cost & damage. Don't let player use spell/special attack if they don't have enough mana/stamina.
	enemy defeat if tick down health from status effect. (check hp before they have their turn)
	
	finish spell/special attack/combat balancing
	
	status effect: in heat (can happen to dog, wolf, horse and cat morphs) gained from storm (reduced willpower resistance, increased willpower damage, increased fertility)
	
	instead of bad ends, make them give you a perk. e.g. "Brax's Bitch: The memory of being turned into Brax's willing slut still causes you to flush red with shame..." -5 int
	
	title in combat when swapping inventory is not working properly
	
	make it more obvious that you can undress in sex
	
	pregnancy
		milk production
		update text needs to happen anywhere (make shorter and put it textStartStringBuilder)
	
	shields & other comabt effects (look at post on blog)
	
	ripping off non-enchanted clothes
	do more with enchanted clothes
	
	Dominion: harpies
	
	Submission: rats, slimes and imps
		Since everything in selfie did work good but color of slime nipples sadly didnt. (SLIME_PINK)
	
	clothing/weapon management during combat
	
	re-write Lilaya's scenes to make her more tsundere (I-It's not like I'm enjoying this...)
	
	
	-----------
	Lilaya romance:
		First time having sex, she forces you to pull out.
		After sex, she gets really awkward.
			Says she only had sex because of her demon instincts.
			She says she used every ounce of her willpower to resist you cumming inside of her, but it won't happen again, so DON'T CUM INSIDE OF ME!
			"This is why I avoid people! I-It's not like I want to go around fucking everyone I meet! A-Anyway, aren't I supposed to be your aunt?! W-What kind of pervert fucks their own aunt?!"
			"You started it!" "Sorry, I got carried away."
			From then on, she doesn't bother getting up when you find her fingering Rose.
		Have to apologise to her
			She tries to get away with a LOT. (Kiss her feet, massage feet, suck toes, full foot clean)
			You can say no at any time, so long as you said sorry she forgives you.
		Can 'trick' her into having sex again (this repeats until you get her pregnant).
		Cum inside her gets her pregnant (if corrupted enough, you can also use used condoms, as Lilaya can't resist being treated like a slut).
		She asks her mother to come help her give birth.
		Lyssieth enters, teases Rose, then asks you how you fucked her daughter.
			"So how did you impregnate my daughter hmm? Did you push her down on all fours, ripping her panties off, then fuck her like an animal? Filling her womb with your cum, growling down in her ear that she's going to carry your children?"
		Lilaya saves you and has an argument with her mother. (Lilaya is angry, Lyssieth apologising and treating Lilaya like a fragile child)
			"If you want to ask about how one of your daughters fucks, why don't you go ask one my countless sisters?!"
			"Please Lilaya, I have no interest in talking with those sluts. You know you're my only real daughter."
		Go see Lilaya after she gives birth (to imps), only to find that Lyssieth has locked her in chastity.
		Have to prove to Lyssieth that you can take good care of Lilaya (have to bring her to orgasm 5 times as she watches).
		Lyssieth concedes that Lilaya knows what she's doing, and tells her the Lilin's ultimate secret; how to turn people into demons.
		You can then get Lilaya to go full demon at any time.
		She can also turn you into a demon (non-reversible!!!)
	
	
	
	
	
	Add fucking stalls to slaver alley
		Make money by working there (get more for more holes: 25 base blowjob, +10 for vagina, +20 for anal, +10 for each fuckable nipple)
		Spend money to fuck a hole (costs 30 for blowjob, +15 for vagina, +25 for anal, +15 for each nipple)
			Charged after having sex, if you don't have enough, you're banned until you can pay off the debt
			
	Add pregnancy roulette to slaver alley
		Either pay to enter:
			You and 5 other guys cum in a slave (who's taken a Vixen's virility).
			Afterwards, you wait 30 mins for them to test who got her pregnant.
			If you got her pregnant, you have to pay the penalty of 800 flames.
			If you didn't, you win 100 flames.
		Or get paid to be the girl:
			6 guys fuck you after you've taken a Vixen's virility.
			You get tested to see who knocked you up.
			You get paid 200 flames.
	
	Felicity is a trap.
		she invites you in and tries to get you drunk
		flirts with you
		drunk sex (she gets really dominant when she's drunk. REALLY dominant...)
		
	Pix
		You enter the shower, no sign of Pix.
		As you're showing, you didn't hear her sneaking up behind you.
		She presses into your back and starts instructing you how to wash yourself.
		Reaches around and masturbates you (reward for having a proper clean), fingers ass (if penis, milks prostate), washes & feels breasts, kisses neck (tastes if all sweat washed off yet).
		Rubs soap over back and grinds her 6 breasts up and down your back.
		She doesn't let you turn around.
		Once you orgasm she calls you a good boy/girl and bounces away
		
	Scarlett (male lesser harpy)
		Harpy males have feminine names to seem even more submissive to females
		Ask for Arthur, he doesn't know his slave's names
		You say he's a human and Scarlett recognises him
		Tells you he'll tell you where Arthur is if you'll fill in on one of his fucking stalls. (he sold too many slaves, and now has a shortage of orifices for clients to fuck)
		Can repeat this for cash later on.
		He comes in and tells you to stop moaning so loud (he's trying to work).
		If you moan loudly again he comes in and puts a ring gag on you then fucks your face.
		Can SPH him.
		If refuse, you have to give him enough money to buy a new slave (800)
	-----------------
	
	Final boss for first act:
		Trap-loving high-class demon.

		Using Arthur (he's actually quite famous among arcane-users, Scarlett and Brax didn't realise quite who he was)
		She sent Brax after Arthur as she intended to buy him all along
		Arthur is being forced to create trap-creating arcane bracelets (he keeps telling her that won't work (only consumables can be manipulated into transforming people) but she won't listen)
		On defeat:
			She turns you into a trap (doesn't care about race).
			Have to watch as her house guests fuck other traps and cum in them.
			Gives you a choice:
				Have to lick out their cum.
				She lets you go if you beg her to allow the house guests to fuck your ass.
				This keeps going on until you ask to be fucked.
	
	
	UI criticism/commentary:
Buying and selling is painful; if you could add an intermediate "shop table" area where multiple items could be placed, that would alleviate a lot of the pain.
The minimap is a bit hard to use; from a glance, you cannot easily tell where you are; add an icon or something to highlight the tile you're in.
Gameplay:
Where are my demons at?
Consider having the penalties be less (or more!) harsh depending on whether submitting is voluntary or not; IMVHO, there's a big difference between voluntarily saying "All right, I give in" and fighting to the last.
Will there be a toyshop, so you can voluntarily stretch out your throat or whatever without having to find a horsie, and then submit?
Will there be more advanced "testing"?
	
	
	
	
	ONE
	
	map:hover over up, right, left, down to see arrow. Areas where this happens should be huge triangles
	The tile you will move to will highlight (white or red)
	Also add obvious indication which tile you're in (orange arrow thing, turn to circle when on a place tile)
	
	Huge memory leak.
		Dialogue nodes
		or
		Investigate rendering
		or
		Event listeners using values()
		
	PLAY TEST THE MAIN QUEST
	
	sex orgasm is on option 2
	
	Inventory css for light theme
	
	3 HOURS (FINISHED BY 3)
	
	REST OF THE DAY ADDING VICTORY SEX SCENE
	
	Add potions.
	
	Make pregnancy descriptions more race-independent
	
	Add perks:
		Breeder (+fertility)
		Regeneration (passive health recovery rate doubled)
		Second wind (can choose not to orgasm, and instead reset arousal in sex)
		Reactive (transformation items cause multiple effects)
		
	Character creation backgrounds
	
	
	Item & perk icons
	
	spells need more info (add spells page to phone menu)
	
	The map isn't appearing for some of you. I'd advise getting the most up-to-date version of Java, as this might fix that problem. I'm using JavaFX for the GUI, and I noticed on my other computer that some of the UI elements weren't rendering when I was using an older version of Java. I'll also investigate this problem further in case it isn't related to the Java version (as it's a pretty major bug not being able to see the map!).
	
	If you get a 'Java Exception', it could be several things. I'm going to add a crash report feature to the engine soon which will show exactly what's gone wrong (I'm thinking of having it create a crash report text file which you could then copy-paste here).
	
	The save game window isn't opening. Again, I'll investigate this!
	
	Thread spawning & high memory usage
	Feedback on UI (everything should be accessable with mouse, I struggled to create a keyboard-friendly inventory management system)
	Minimap - UI scaling is a bit wonky at the moment, I plan to improve the UI a lot more
	Random game crashes - I'll implement the crash report feature soon!


	CONSIDER: Corruption mechanics need to unlock stuff.
	
	TWO
	
	4 sex scenes:
	1 Masturbation in room.
	1 Pix cleaning fem-dom sex scene in shower (she takes control and gets you to clean her. Then she cleans you. hyper-energetic)
	2 Add victory and defeat sex variants for random assailant: against wall
	
	
	THREE
	
	Lilaya Tsundere.
	Gets super embarrassed when her mum visits.
	"Who's my good little demon?" etc.
	
	Make character romance a map in player class
	Lilaya romance quest (finishes with her becoming full demon)
		Talk -> She reveals that you're the first person she's had relations with after falling out with her mother.
			Persuade her to repair relations with mother
		Mother's visit -> She comes to live with Lilaya for a while (she's really different to other Lilin (explains her legitimising Lilaya))
			Can threesome with mother
			Help repair relations between them
		Talk -> Lilaya wants to become a full demon
			Persuade mother to corrupt Lilaya fully
		Lilaya becomes full demon, falls in love with you
			Mother stays/leaves based on player choice
			
	FOUR
	
	Nightlife
	
	--
	
	Submission:
	Rats attack at night around submission entrance
	Rengar's gang all fuck you
	(4-6 rat-morphs)
	
	
	
	Fetishes:
		Ask Lilaya about never needing to use the toilet.
		She points out that you haven't drunk or eaten anything since arriving (bar TF consumables).
		You don't need to eat or drink in this world, as the arcane gives energy to people.
	Waterworks:
		She asks if you'd like to test out a drink she's made.
		It activates waterworks fetish.
		Your bladder fills up as a status effect. When full, you have 10 minutes to reach a bathroom or else you wet yourself.
		Negative status effect if clothes are covered in urine.
		During sex, you can wet yourself.
		You can bring 5 dry squeeze to Lilaya to stop it.
	Weight:
		She asks if you'd like to test out a chocolate bar she's made.
		It activates weight fetish.
		You get chubby.
		The chocolate bar has 5 uses, each one making you fatter.
		You can go see Pix to get rid of it.
	
	
	See Brax again later in next area. He got demoted after everyone in the office heard you beating him.
	
	Combat & attribute balance first run.
	
	
	Refine transformations, descriptions, items.
	
	Fix watch icon in phone->items.
	
	Remove all gradients from SVGs (still buggy)
	
	RELEASE (test first)
	
	- Level 2 freezing opaque deamonstone seems to cast slam instead of ice shard. The chill effect is still triggered though.
- The option menu does not work from the inventory : you are forced to go on another menu before.
- Wearing too masculine clothing when you have a feminine body does not seem to trigger any stat reduction like it would do with a male wearing too feminine clothing (intended ?). However, it does trigger and remain once you had non-consensual sex (lose a fight).

That's all I could find for now.

I would also suggest the following addition :

- Fire element seems to be obviously stronger than other elements so far due to its additional damage effect. I think the additional effect from poison and ice should also be buffed in order to make all elements a bit more balanced.
- Poison Shield and Ice Shield are not only useless at the moment due to the lack of poison and ice damage : they also look underwhelming. I suggest to make the poison shield deal poison damage to melee attackers and ice shield to reduce stamina/willpower of melee attackers.
- Stamina does not seem to have any purpose in combat right now : it's just used at the gym. I suggest to make spells drain stamina instead of willpower. It would give more sense to the chill effect as well, preventing the enemy from using their skills too much.
	
	
	Add in race & item discovery quests (bottom of character creation dialogue class).
	
	- Fix descriptions in inventory 
	
	- Refine selfie.
	
	- Fix all RacialBody parts to use parts specific to their race
	
	- Make harpy wing description have hands (everyone needs hands for descriptions)
	
	- Add wardrobe/storage in room
	
	- Make method to set body to partial, lesser & greater. (For random character generation)
	
	Katie's gang (the three you saw in prologue)
	1 Victory: fuck Katie (can use horse-boys on her or not)
	1 Defeat: Get fucked by horse-boys as Katie forces you to eat her out
	
	- Also after sex, need to reset mana to max
	
	- Make all encounters & places
	
	Extremely High wetness should soak panties instantly
	Move wetness methods & tracking from sex into character
	
	- Make knowsPlayerGender() reactions.
	
	- In description ("You are a shemale, though people mistake you for a normal girl." or "From the large bulge in your pants, anyone can see that you're a shemale.")
	
	-TODO Items:
	
		- Add corruption gains!
		
		- Multiple: Transformative items for race
			- Milked from demon's factories in the desert district (this is not common knowledge)
			- Demons have corrupted futa milking cows for each race, and combine their own cum with with their sexual fluids, using magic to make them transformative.
			- All transformative crystals should follow the theme of "crystal-strength-name animal-hint" e.g. "lesser crystal of the lupine howl"
		
		- Potions that temporarily increase attributes, following naming theme "potion-strength-name of attribute-theme" e.g. "elixir of strength" or "draught of iron-skin"
		- Food, magic-shots & drink. Generic and racial-specific. Generic provides minor + for each resource. Racial provides +++ for each resource based on transformation stage.
			(Magic shots are small crystals that you break open. The magic regenerates your mind. Sort of like drugs, but no addictive properties.)
	
	- redo crop tops
	
	- Incorporate help into options
	
	- Inventory needs polish (remove items from populated areas, text descriptions a little bit off here and there)
	
	-TODO All encounters in Dominion sketched out.
		
		- Streets neutral:
			- Storm random attack
		
		- Backalley neutral:
			- Vending machine (lesser TF items)
			- Package (package is still wrapped but the label has been soaked in cum, can't read it)
			- Item hidden under grate/behind box/in pipe
			- See people having sex down alley
			- Friendly shopkeeper
			- Someone runs past and drops something
		- Backalley fights:
			- Enforcer (sergeant)
			- Harpy nest
			- Male (dog, wolf, cat, horse) mugger
			- Female (dog, wolf, cat, horse) prostitute (may fight you if you don't pay)
			- Gang ambush (dog, wolf, cat, horse) males & females
			- Girl getting mugged (can intervene, she runs off shouting thanks behind her)
		
	Make a special description when you become a complete race.
	
	Slimes should get clothes dirty instantly.
	
	Races page in journal should show race's average stats & body (like combat revamp will be)
	
	Like health and mana, make all attributes floats.
	
	Make NPCs
	
	5)  Finish sex class
		Refine arousal gains from all actions.
		Go through all TODO in Sex class and fix them.
		
		KEEP THE DESCRIPTIONS DOWN TO 1 OR 2 SENTENCES FOR COMMON ACTIONS.
		Long descriptions soon become a chore to read and take up a lot of screen space. Keep them short and sweet.
		For penetration you can make descriptions longer.
		
		In sex actions, if player/partner is ready to penetrate, change "do nothing" to "prevent penetration"
		
		TODO Lose health if being stretched. Loses more health the bigger the cock. Reduces health loss if lubed.
		If you get to 0 health, you can use composure to hold on, if you don't, or are at 0 composure, you pass out and gain a lot of corruption
		(if you are dom, they pass out into misionary and you can fuck their passed out body)
		You wake up later and applies stretch mechanics as though you were fully stretched to his size
		
		Need specific descriptions of continuing penetration (e.g. doggy says how tits are swaying with each thrust)
		
		Finish SexManager
		
		Masturbation, Foreplay, Missionary, Doggy & against wall for repeatable NPCs at release
		Specific ones for Vicky and story lines
		
		Pull out options
		
		COMBINE MASTURBATION INTO SEX
		
		//TODO drop player clothes on floor after sex if was sub.
		// If player resists when partner is taking their clothes off, partner rips them off
		
		Make playerSexualCry() occur when arousal is over 50
		Make PlayerSexTalk into a class that is created for AbstractCharacters, so can for npc and player. Things to say when being penetrated/penetrating/neither:
		Sub and resisting
		Sub and accepting
		Dom and you are resisting
		Dom and you are submitting
		Player can define custom lines in character screen.
		
		Masturbation placeholder for all types
		Add racial-flavour text & unique bodyPart descriptors (imagine being partnered with one of your race)
		
		Also do this for transformations.
		Polish all transformation descriptions.
		Don't lose stats from transformation stats
		
		
		--------------------------------------
		
		Before you do the next part, go through races and make sure 100% that is what you want them to be like.
		
		Add imps (don't worry about Lilin and Alpha Imp yet)
		
		Harpy male descriptions (they look like females but with more colourful feathers, male harpies get treated like dirt and are constantly humiliated because they aren't as attractive as the females)
		Change Tengu to be more aggressive versions of harpies (harpy flock is owned by a femlae tengu who will have a male tengu as her personal bitch)
		Harpy matriarchal society
		
		THEN:
		
		Go through all body part setters and put in generic descriptions for NPCs. Then can use these as a base for player transformation descriptions.
		
		
		
		
		In scenes, give a button to "examine scene" which gives a brief sentence about what's going on and describes all important characters
	  
	  ------------------------------------------
	  
	6)
		SetContent, when text is longer than the displayed page, causes flickering if not at bottom of page when going back/pressing 0. It puts page to bottom, then goes back.
		But not when going back???
		Javascript seems to be putting scrollbar to bottom, THEN going to next dialogueNode
		
		Alcohol items.
		Give player an alcohol int that degrades over time. Give status effects when get tipsy, drunk, hammered which reduce maximum composure.
		Give bonus physical strength. Reduce dodge and hit chance.
		Make a speech parser for drunk speech
		
		Make level-up perks
		The more corrupted you get, the harder it is to resist demon's commands (resisting costs willpower). At 100, you will do anything they command you to. At higher levels, it takes more willpower to resist demands.
	
	7)
	Introduction
	
	LARGE TASK: Make sex class
	
	Apartment fleshed out
	
	Have a completedQuests list as well to show completed quests.
	
	8)
	Finish races as defined at top of page.
	For each race:
	Accurate RacialBody
	Race Perk
	Transformation sources
	
	Clothing needs List<Race> racesUnableToEquip. E.g. centaur, lamia and arachne can't equip one-piece swimsuit.
	Horse-morphs can't equip shoes due to hooves.
	
	TODO character creation, set clothes.
		You start the game at a black tie event. What clothes did you decide to wear?
		
		Male | Female
		Neck: Tie | Choker/Necklace
		Ear: None | None/Earrings
		Torso: Shirt | Dress(Black, red or yellow)/Top(Black, red, yellow)
		
		Casual | Formal
		Casual is shirt/jeans/trainers | jacket/
		Formal is shirt/tie/trousers/nice shoes | dress/heels
	
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
	
	Humiliating clothing boolean (-2 MS), if on display then (-10MS) (chastity cage, ballgag etc.)
	Large tits (over C cup) need a bra, or else suffer a scaling penalty to hit/dodge, but an increase to tease. Clothing needs supportsBreasts boolean
	
	
	// Clothing should have a isHumiliating() method. For things like ballgags and chastity cages.
	
	// LARGE Extra body stuff:
	// Hair styles, Pubic Hair, tanning & Piercing at malls
	// In slaver alley: Ass bleaching, skin & eye colours, Tattoos (for every body part); magic tally marks, tribal, custom.
	// Aerolae colouring/shaping
	
	//Add a storage container at home. Items stack in container. Instead of "drop", the option is "store"
	
		/*
		 * - Right click to unequip/drop
		 * 
		 * Hair styles
		 * 
		 * Centaur update:
		 * Add centaur
		 * Sex scene for centaur-type bodies
		 * 
		 * Make clit size have an impact and add to descriptions/sex scenes; they can be pseudo-dicks
		 * 
		 * Bimbo lips
		 * 
		 * Use items on partner in sex to transform them as you fuck them. Can only be done on non-recurring characters
		 * 
		 * Make pure morph's cum cause transformation.
		 * Applies status effect (Transforming cum)
		 * Can wash it out within 4 hours
		 * If not washed out, your body absorbs it and you transform
		 * 
		 * Ask to use condom (need condoms in inventory)
		 * NPCs to have willUseCondom()
		 * Condoms can break if too much cum production
		 * 
		 * MOD SUPPORT:
		 * Clothing images
		 * 
		 * Large tits need support (give clothing supportedBreastSizeMinimum supportedBreastSizeMaximum stats)
		 * 
		 */
	
	/*---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
		// BIG FUTURE RELEASE PLANS:
		
		Endless Sea (Mermaids, Sharks & Tiger sharks)
		Go underwater there
		siren/merfolk/octo-morph/squid-morph/eel-morph
		
		giant sea anemones that suck you in, tentacle rape you and transform you
		
		Octopus:
			Detachable tentacle penis.
		Squid:
			Fires tiny barbed needle with pulsating orb on the end. After a few turns of combat, it injects sperm into your womb (takes an action/turn to pull it out).
		Tentacle monster:
			Throws starfish onto you. Each turn, it moves further down towards your crotch. At the end of combat, if it positioned itself at your vagina/ass, it starts fucking you. (takes an action/turn to throw it off).
		
		
		
		
		Fields
		Farmland and forest
		Cow-morphs (milking shed)
		Spider-morphs & arachne in forests
		
		
		// TITLES
		// Create Titles and unlock conditions. Titles can be put before or after your name. Toggle 'the'
		// Titles should act like achievements. Don't actually give any stats or anything
		// Titles from clothing sets? (rings & piercing -> "Trashy") (clothing set -> "The Maid")
		// More anal sex than vaginal while possessing a vagina, at least 10: buttslut
		// Sell yourself for money: "The Whore"
		// Take a cock of size 2' or more: "Cock-Sleeve"
		// Hints on how to unlock titles in character information screen, also change titles there
		
		// SLAVERY
		// Choose how to refer to your slaves (maid, slave, pet etc.)
		
		// PREGNANCY:
			// Breeding strength to determine what offspring the female births
			// Anything that lays eggs will always be female's offspring
		
		// Deep jungle and other extended areas.
		
		// Lots of miscellaneous skills:
		// Heel skill
		// Blowjob skill
		// Vaginal, anal sex skills
	
		// Dating:
		 You can find randomly generated people at the nightlife district
		 Bring them back to your place, or go to theirs
		 
		 Normal clubs -> get hit on by guys if female or androgynous. Can chat up girls if male or androgynous
		 Gay clubs -> opposite
		 
		 
		 
		 BDSM update
		 	Masochist expansion
			Add some rough SexActions
			Mouth & eye CoverableArea
			
		Race-variations:
		Different types of dog-morph
		Different types of arachnae
		
	
	
	---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
	
	/* 
	 * When get harpy wings, you shrink to harpy size. Bones hollow allowing you to fly (all maps revealed - 50% opacity where haven't been. don't show places)
	 * 
	 * 
	 * 	Lilith's Demonic creatures:
	 *  demonic-goat (Lilith's tower inner guard, punish intruders by fucking them into constantly horny goat sluts)
	 *  demonic-dragon (Lilith's personal guard, take any intruder to Lilith)
	 *  Menagerie:
	 *  Extremely corrupted Tentacle monster, keeps pets that it constantly fucks. Slime grows 3 rows of breasts/2 cocks into insanely huge, constantly milked and fed other pet's cum
	 *  Cerberus (huge, demonic lycan that walks on all fours and has three heads, cum turns people into lycan bitches)
	 *  Tit slugs (vagina for mouth, no limbs, breasts squirm and drag them along, their slimy breasts corrupt other people into tit slugs)
	 *  
	 * Toxic cum-slime
	 * 
	 * Manticore
	 * 
	 * Tigershark lower body of a shark
	 * 
	 * Goat (they have goat eyes, and get really annoyed by people commenting on them)
	 * Monster form is demonic-goat, only ever seen in Lilith's tower
	 * 
	 * A lot of variation in demons
	 * Feet can be high-heel spikes, normal, or hooves
	 * Can have little useless bat-like wings or no wings
	 * Some have tails with pussy-like orifices on the end
	 * Some tails have tentacles on end
	 * Some have combination
	 * Cocks range from normal to squirming mass of tentacles that grow into huge cocks
	 * Pussies can have tentacles in them
	 * Make different demon classes.
	 * 
	 * 
	 * Plant lab:
	 * Is Vicky's old research lab, it was abandoned when demons stopped her funding
	 * Fight through plant-girls that have escaped
	 * Tiger doctor who has found a way to refine transformation fluids to remove bad side effects
	 * Was trying to turn plant girls into something
	 * Have to pay for ingredients
	 * 
	 * For the scene with fucking plants:
 	 * If have vagina and bee-morph, it makes honey-milk
 	 * 
 	 * Living suit in plant lab
 	 
 	 Lilin lamia boss:
 	 	On loss, vore scene... (maybe, not too sure if this fetish is too much for some people)
 	 	While inside her, she transforms you into a lamia slut
 	 	Births you then gets you fucked by loads of horny lamia guys
 	 
 	 Frog-morphs:
 	 	Slimy
 	 	Have hallucinogenic saliva
 	 	On loss, they kiss you. You have a fantasy where you're making out with a hot guy/girl
 	 	You get fucked by them and they plant eggs in your stomach (anal pregnancy?)
 	 	You wake up and realise what happened
 	 	
 	 Imps:
 	 	Look like short demons (~3-4 feet tall).
 	 	Unlike demons, a lot of them like to stay in male form (although there are plenty of female imps as well)
 	 	They are totally obsessed with sex (to a far greater extent than demons)
 	 	Due to the fact that they can't function in Dominion society, they are banished to Submission
 	 	They like to grow their cocks/breasts to the same size as a normal demon, making it a bit extreme on their smaller frames.
 	 	Because they are smaller, their wings actually work.
 	 	Their society is based around an alpha imp.
 	 	Too weak to fight as an individual, but when enough of them get extremely horny, they form groups to attack people and gang-fuck them.
 	 
	
	/*----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
	Submission: Slimes, Rat-morphs, Imps
	Fields: Cow/bull-morphs, fox-morphs, kitsunes, rabbit-morphs, deer-morphs, centaurs.
	Jungle: Tiger-morphs, dryads, bee & wasp-morphs, tentacle monsters, spider-morphs, driders.
	Desert/wasteland: Lizard-morph, lamia, salamanders, dragon-morphs, wyvern-morphs.
	Endless Sea: Mermaids, shark-morphs, orca-morphs, dolphin-morphs, octopus-morphs, squid-morphs.

	Sleep