
	Release checklist:
		Patch notes in Main
		Update README
		Create .exe version
		
	Version goals:
		Make save games compatible. This will probably not be completed for Friday, but should be done for the full release next Friday (18th).
		Finish the next stage of the main quest. Scarlett and Alexa's content.
		Implement generic NPC enslavement, romance, and moving into Lilaya's house.
		Finish Incest and Transformation fetish content.
		Add Paizuri, thigh sex, and hotdogging.
		Add a position that allows for dominantly receiving anal. Either adding 'Cowgirl' or adding anal actions to the 'Back-to-wall' position. (Or maybe both :3)
		Do a lot of bug fixing, add several minor suggestions, and add some more content here and there.
		
	
	
	Patch notes:
	
	Gameplay:
		Slightly tweaked gender preferences for NPC's forced TFs.
	
	Bugs:
		Fixed game freeze once NPC finished transforming you into their preferred body type.
		Fixed major bug where items and weapons would sometimes not stack in inventory.
		Fixed items showing up in sex as disabled, even if they were available to be used.
		Fixed weapons not having any spells.
		Fixed bug where the main quest couldn't be progressed if you started an imported character.
		Minor typo fixes.
		Fixed parsing bugs (which was causing the parser's 'Commands' action to be unresponsive.)
	
	Contributors:
	
	Pimgd:
		Disallowed quick manage drop if cell is full, thereby preventing item loss.
	
	
	
	
	TF TAILS DESCRIPTIONS
	
	TF Horse & cow colour description
	
	Race description for cow-morphs
	
	Change gore to headbutt
	
	Sprouts?
	
	Bubble milk alcoholic
	
	Make cow morphs Lactate
	
	
	
	"Gritting your teeth, you try once again to remove the offending article of clothing, only to find yourself instantly letting go as you try to pull it off it off."
	
	When you first speak with pix she still says lifetime membership is 1000 not 800
	
	
	Headpats and scritches during oral when
	
	I'll also definitely add an options menu to set NPC transformation ratios, as well as making them take your preferences into account. They should already be doing that, but there must be a bug in my method.
	
	I'll do as you suggest and make it so that they shrink your cock/reduce your vagina's capacity incrementally, before finally removing 
	
	In the body stats menu it does not show plasticity for stuff only Elasticity
	
	gained three 'risk of pregnancy' status effects from being forcibly transformed?
	
	split Nyan pages up
	
	when a npc isn't interested in your gender, but has TF fetish, have them try to tf you instead of just taking your money and running when losing/submitting to them
	
	can the 'offspring' button get a character-overview akin to that of the contacts menu
	
	Also, right now, everyone has a species-preference. -may- want to make it so that some folk don't care much about species and only about body-shape/sex
	Make gender preferences for NPC's forced TFs settable
	
	Now, one other thought, maybe have fetishes figure in a little bit for what gear they end up with?
		Not for normal peps, but when deciding whether to be a herm or off-gender sex.
		If someone has a cum feitsh or receiving cock feitsh, they should probably prefer a partner with a cock.
		If they have impregnation fetishes, it would make sense for them to prefer a partner with a vagina.
		This could actually be tested after the random roll has been done, and adjusts the result then.
		That will save a fair bit of coding work.
	
	
	they should focus on adding desired organs before removing
	Another one, for the TF fetishists, is to have organ removal be something that's gradual.
		They don't instantly remove an offending organ, instead that's one of the random things that they'll sometimes shrink or tighten until it's very small and then they remove it.
	
	Buy Brax
	
	virginity losses from self
	
	Add afro
	
	there's no yellow for genital colors
	
	pushing your fingers into your partner's mouth
	
	
	If a character has the non-consent fetish, you should remove the arousal gain penalty from resisting sex. You might even gain extra arousal
	NPCs with the non-con fetish always resist
	So a sadistic character will gain more arousal from a resisting partner and a non-con fetishist would gain extra arousal while resisting instead of having a penalty.
	
	Firstly, you could change the description of the Non-con fetish to only include being raped, but not necessarily raping others. 
	Then, you can expand the sadism fetish to include raping others. Alternatively, you could also make a second red boardered "dominant" version of the Non-con fetish.
	Also, you could have the "resist" action only decrease the character's arousal if they don't have the noncon fetish. I have no idea where this is done in the code however but if you can find where to stick it, a little if statement would probably do
	
	
	is the selfie screen supposed to not list the actual penis length anymore
	
	Character creation: Full body hair has the heading 'Pubic hair', so that name shows up twice
	
	allow the option of enabling body hair content from the character creation extra hair menu
	
	kate option for penis color - it's just called "skin"
	
	an option for fur highlights
	
	an option to make all the skin options match your base skin would be nice
	
	Add Paizuri
	
	TF fetish for NPCs increases the amount of times they TF you
	
	resisting characters could stop resisting if you're gentle and/or make them cum a few times
	
	 a fetish for wearing soiled clothing? Also, I'd like a randomise button on character creation
	
	
	Flying
	
	Weapons delete themselves when keep on equipping the same type from floor
	
	Add thigh sex, and hotdogging.
	
	X Add in some proper dialogue and interactions for the incest content.

	Watch hands in AbstractClothingType!
	
	Slavery
	
	Add cloaca descriptions
	
	Improve forced TF descriptions
	
	eye TF racial modifiers
	
	Known bugs that are not fixed:

	The overlay display properly stretches for an item that blocks your clothing, but it doesn't properly stretch for item effects that are large - talked with @Innoxia about this and apparently fixing this is hell.
	-- Proficiency "spell cost reduction"
	-- Seduction "willpower damage"
	
	Sell All "Sell all of your tiara for x" improper pluralizing (this does work for items?)
	-- Buy All "Buy all of the opaque demonstone" also has improper pluralizing
	-- Drink All too
	-- Store All too
	-- Take All too
	
	Text misaligned when unequip drop warning is saved
	
	Possible bug with identifying working with stacks instead of single items (confirming that there is a bug here would be real nice because then I could fix it)
	
	Known possible inventory related improvements which I haven't applied yet because... ehhh lemme know if you want these:
	
	The bottom border of the item overlay with effects grows as the effects list goes on, this could get normalized
	Buy back says "Vendor will sell it to you for $ x.", could be "Vendor will let you buy it back for $ x."
	Dyeing items prints the text below the shop dialogue, when buying and selling items prints the text under the shop dialogue
	Known issues related to inventory that I'm not gonna fix:
	
	Pluralization bugs
	-- "You hand over all of your A dye-brush to Ralph in exchange for ¤ 287." Yeahhh that's item names and pluralization hell
	
	
	Flavour text in-game says it is custom to kiss a slave for one last time before enslavement, since kissing a slave is considered taboo
	
	Bugs
	
	Gym/Fast food
	
	After defeating my character, the succubi just finger their nipples and tail-fuck themselves to completion a lot of the time. Is there a way to disable this?
	
	Hey, tailpegging is super broken, it doesn't properly check to see if the player actually has a tail.
	
	The only bug i have found is when you use transformative enchantments on multiple (maybe single, haven't tested) breasts, specifically trying to grow the nipple and areola size that it keeps switching between 'getting larger' and 'shrinking' when all were enchanted to be Major Boost
	
	Cam inside of kate knocking her up. Then right after the sex ended had sex again cumming inside her and when I checked the pregnancy stats found she had 2 ongoing pregnancys at the same time
	
	Having an issue where using a cock-growing elixir gives me a penis with the wrong skin color. In my instance, my pale character grew a brown penis.
	
	
	Genderless mound" on dolls should probably be, "sexless mound".  Genitals don't really have a gender, so to speak, and another word for genitals is sex.(edited)
[23:01] DarkMaster: That mound being exposed does not trigger the exposed condition, may not be a bug but exposing it would still be public indecency and perhaps embracing
	
	I encountered a possible bug... I asked Ralph for the big discount, and now every move he does... is a lack thereof. he won't move at all. if it helps pin down the bug, it's durring a storm, and I already have a 25% discount. I don't know if either of those have to do with this.

hypnotic cum

add in part-specific colouring

Not sure if it's been pointed out but when I choose "slut" as a starting choice, it doesn't work. In fact, if I choose it, go back, and choose another (e.g average), I end up with a mix between slut and whatever other I chose!

1. The latest preview did not find my exported character from 1.83 but from the HF
2. The hair/skin/eye colors got changed all to brown, possibly due to color change in code
3. Testicles changed from vestigal to average
4. Cum amt changed from an extreme amount to average
5. My demonic ears lost their color. Were Lilac, now color isn't being mentioned

once you've selected to have glowing eyes, if you were to cycle back to regular the selected text doesn't shift to regular

skin toggle works
[05:11] Sorter: you can check the skin glow switch and see where it got messed up
[05:12] Sorter: my ears apparently still are lilac but it's not mentioned in the selfie. It used to

anybody else having issues with imported characters unable to extract essences?
[06:42] Def: since Lilaya's 1st quest doesnt resolve

	leg and ankle wraps to make full set
	

	NPC's with broodmother fetish do not try to get pregnant. This has also something to do with the first problem I've mentioned.

	
	New perk: Tempered (below arcane mastery). When willpower drops to 0 the first time, it stays at 1 instead.
New perk: Marathon (below cardio queen). When stamina drops to 0 the first time, it stays at 1 instead.
Change perk: "indefatigable" to "hulk", when health drops to 0 the first time, it stays at 1 instead.
	
	New status effect: Tired. Caused by being awake for over 12 hours in a row, gives no debuffs but in 4 hours it will become the status effect "exhausted". New status effect: Exhausted. Caused by being tired for 4 hours (ie awake for over 16 hours in a row), gives -5 strength -5 stamina and -5 willpower. Also make rest take 8 instead of 4 hours (succubi need to sleep too!).
	
	Minor bug report: Gaining more testicles seems to be bugged. I created a potion to take a character from 2 to 8, and I got this message 3 times:"A tingling feeling spreads down into your testicles, and you let out a little cry as you feel some of them shrinking away and disappearing.

4) New fetish: Chastity fetish. Frustrated debuff (-10 spell damage -50 willpower resist) becomes chaste (+50 stamina, -25 willpower resist)

You could make a new file full of "clothing tag" enums. The tags would describe clothes. For example, "revealing", "protective", "modest", "bondage" etc. Each item could have multiple tags. When the enchantment on the item is randomly generated, the tags would influence what types of enchantments are randomly selected.

You could do different things with this system: 
- maybe certain enchantments are only available for items with the right tags. 
(eg: revealing clothes like miniskirts might be the only ones to give a bonus to willpower damage.)

- maybe certain enchantments might be impossible for items with the wrong tags.
(eg: revealing clothes might never give bonuses to physical damage resistance.)

- maybe enchantments are still randomly generated but if a piece of clothing has a certain tag it might automatically get a stronger bonus. 
(eg: a physical damage resistance enchant on protective clothing would give a much higher bonus than a physical damage resistance enchant on revealing clothing.)



After a few moments, you're left with eight balls."
When it should be an indication that I'm gaining testicles, and the three messages should have given different amounts (first should have said 4, second 6, third 8).
	
	
	Minor bug report: Gaining more testicles seems to be bugged. I created a potion to take a character from 2 to 8, and I got this message 3 times:"A tingling feeling spreads down into your testicles, and you let out a little cry as you feel some of them shrinking away and disappearing.

After a few moments, you're left with eight balls."
When it should be an indication that I'm gaining testicles, and the three messages should have given different amounts (first should have said 4, second 6, third 8). 
	
	
	Hmm. Being pushed down into submissive cowgirl by a gynephilic victor that believes you to be female seems like it is probably not intended behavior?
	
	Also, there seems to be a continuity issue with NPCs' fetishes and their physical traits, such as a large number of girls I'm running into that like giving anal despite not actually having a penis themselves or guys who like being impregnated.
	
	my characters completely dry asshole is now being lubricated for some reason despite it being dry. It also only shows up when arousal is above 80
	
	1. The foot revamp where you have three foot styles (Talon, Foot/paw, Hoof) which is then used to figure blocked feet for clothing.
	 2. cloaca descriptions so that any avian/reptiles are given proper descriptions, as they look doll-like most of the time. 
	
	
	-Default to a different hair colour than white.
	-Body hair should default to the same colour as head hair, with a setting that specifically says, "Same as hair".
	  Once the game starts, then it makes sense to have that be set to a normal hair colour for transformation effects.  If it isn't already, body hair colour should probably also be fur colour.
	[21:41] DarkMaster: .
	Fetish suggestions: 
	-If a specific content type is completely disabled (like incest and non-con), then that fetish should not appear on the fetish screen at all and characters should not spawn with that fetish.
	-Content types that are partially disabled (like forced TFs) should either prevent the PC from being able to take those kinks, or prevent random NPCs from spawning with them, depending on what part is actually disabled.
	-Additionally/alternatively, enabling specific content partially unlocks that content (such as allowing the Lilaya scene and Brax's forced TF) but taking the fetish makes the content more likely (kids spawning in alleys and random NPCs TFing the player).
	
	
	Equals and HashCode *should* be ok for Abstract Clothing, Item, and Weapon types, but maybe make sure.
	
	GATE HAIR PROPERLY FOR TFS
	
	Gate obesity
	
	Add facesitting position, with descriptions from SABracSubCowgirl
	
	Good point, I'll add fuckable nipples (and urethras) behind option gates.
	
	so apparently if you're sitting on Brax's face when he cums, the system thinks that you were sitting on his dick
		just confirmed it does the same thing with vaginal
		doesn't count as penetration for the sake of virginity though, as my character is a """pure""" virgin and did not get broken by it
	
	exhibitionist clothing equipping
	
	remove all clothing button? or a strip button?
	
	So apparently if you import a character over from a new version and go through the prologue, then knock up Lilaya in the first encounter it won't progress since it ends differently.
		Going in for tests again lets you bone irregardless, but it won't let you do other sidequests that involve her, or progress the story along. I take it there's a catch missing, or that knocking her up isn't fully implemented?
	
	Also she stood there behind me sucking on her tail the whole time and did not even fuck me it was like finger sucking all over again
	
	Gate fat/obese
	
	Kate's shop!
	
	account-wide encyclopedia
	
	cum production import not working
	my skin/fur/feather colors are all wonky
	I am now virgin in every hole
	Asshole dried up, lost its elasticity and looseness
	Cum production tanked
	my dick is now prehensile, and my cum is sticky, slimy, and oily
	
	It would probably be best if the player gets prompted with an option to go into said content settings during character creation.
	
	Fetishes
	
	
	add a 'cloaca' transformation
	
	Tails in mouth AI
	now that cat tails are considered prehensile, there are lots of catgirls taking all of their own virginities with them.
	
	succubus with 3 pair of knockers that are H, GG and G in size according to the descripction part, and the in-game text during the transformation said she only has 1 pair of E boobs
	
	
	quitting sex after starting it gives you the frustrated status despite having little arousal.
	
	Milk
		Transformative effects
	
	backless panties for exhibs
	
	cowgirl Brax and select orgasm at the end when you both cum, you won't actually get the creampie/impregnation chance
	
	Ass descriptor
	
	Character-specific option overrides
	
	
	
	Change sex actions to use generic parts, not orifice and penetrator
	
	
	Character creation:
		Hair style
		
	Kate:
		Hair style
		Eye shapes.
	
	tattoos
	
	Gate options in screen again
		Tidy up fetishes:
		non-con tease
		incest tease
		For PC, makes forced TFs do more, for NPCs, makes them TF you more and maybe gives special dialogue for when you TF them
	
	
	Ear tags (cow)
	
	[Alexa & Scarlett]
	- Intro
	- Buying
	- Repeatable shop
	
	
	[TF fetish content]
	- NPC preference for each part
	- Give them a potion to force on you on each win
	
	Add Paizuri, thigh sex, and hotdogging.
	
	
	
	
	
	
	(I think I fixed, but check)
	Seems to be a bug where the second time a character gives birth the "pass out" button (and its knocked out equivalent) doesnt progress the scene, leaving you stuck there.
	
	a crash bug, if in you'r room, you put objects, and have to much objects, if you take all and don't have engout space in your invotory, the game crash
	
	 I think something's up with gender pronouns in the latest hotfix. Either that or traps are no longer called traps and are just called "Man" regardless of settings or feminity level.
	  Not sure, I'm out of town so haven't really been able to give this release a good stress test, hence why I'm not even signed in.

	Maybe the change to starting body breast size for androgynous males did that since they no start with a flat chest?
	 Either way, manually modifying the custom pronouns for players seems to change nothing, which might be a bigger problem if it's just not working at all like it should. Just FYI.
	
	found a bug that happens when you get pregnant from brax and then feminize him you get stuck in delivering scene
		it actually gets stuck because father is bree/brandi: Stanley Brandisson (horse-morph) Father:Brandi Mother:Carlos
	
	you fixed the player getting the more severe arcane storm effect but now while the player is outside it does not give any indicator that the arcane storm is happening at all in the status screen, although it does show you arcane storm protected status while indoors
	
	It appears that the chasing squirrels book is still on the drop table for random encounters even if you have already read it
	
	it seems dying items acts etremely oddly with stacks
	i dyed a stack of 2 rose gold collars platinum and then it showed i had 2 platinum collars but i had only used 1 dye brush then when i dyed another item it updated to 1 platinum collar and one rose gold collar
	Finally when i dyed the second rose gold collar platinum it did not stack with the other one immediatly
	Actually its just not letting me select it period
	Ok if i mess with the stacks a bunch it fixes it but that code definitely needs sanity checks
	Yeah so if you dye an item that is stackable to the same colour as another in your inventory it breaks one of them preventing you from interacting with it directly
	
	the "Report back" option doesn't disappear after reporting back once, although it doesn't do anything
	
	Is how good you are at a blowjob supposed to increase? Because mine doesn't. Ever. Maybe my guy is just that bad lol.
	
	Unsure if intended behavior or not, but typing in the name of a save, then hitting the enter key instead of pushing the save button will cause the main UI window to blank and the program to do nothing.
	  Expected behavior would assume that hitting enter would be the same as pushing the save button, but that may be hard to code in.
	
	: I think wearing a chastity belt and then getting fucked by brax while wearing pants has him perpetually masturbate instead of fuck you
	"I'm going to fuck you senseless" -> masturbates
	and he wont pull down pants, so the moment you do it, he actually fucks you
	
	brax loop for letting him impregnate you and then feminize him (gets looped in delivering scene)
	
	Is it a bug that NPCs are saying that an 8 inch dick is small or "cute"?
	(Also for breasts)
	
	vagina elasticity shows as 0 when have no vagina in stats
	
	Dom self doggy
	
	combined fetish for pure virgins with the deflowering fetish
	
	Save/Load button is locked in combat and sex
	
	NPCs to gain affection from PC using their fetish-related actions
	
	First row, 1 through 5
	Second row, shift + 1 through 5
	Third row, control + 1 through 5
	
	spawned with crotchless chaps and no underwear
		couldn't detect penis until sex?
		
	Yeah I've noticed that as well, any item in the bottom row in the last 3 slots on the right don't have to tool tips pop up like there is something blocking them.
		
	Lilaya's pull out dialogue cna be skipped somehow
		
	Dom anal
	
	Add Incest and generic NPC content from plan
	
	Save NPCs
	
	possible bug with buying and selling, the rounding occurs after tallying all the item values
		so for certain percentages, you could essentially get like 1 each if sold independantly, but, say, 5 for 4 items if sold as a group
	
	Expand TFs
		nail polish, lipstick, makeup (generalise it, I don't think I should go too in-depth here)
		sheath, ribbed, flared, barbed, tentacled

	New sex interface
	
	Sex stuff (anal in back-to-wall, then cowgirl)
	
	platinum
	
	With the preview release, in the clothing section of the encyclopedia, the colour list wraps, but the fields do not extend to accomodate it, so it clips into the next entry's list.
	
	Lilaya's LAB_EXIT is unsuitable for pregnancy text
	
	Pure Virgin NPCs should probably not beg you to fuck them in the puss if you're teasing it with your cock.
	
	 Impregnated Bree, then bimbo'd her and pregged her again
		Not sure if that has anything to do with it, but either way this happened:
			[two ongoing pregnancies for Brax, pregnancy stage: pregnant]
	
	How about a derived fetish from exhibition and masochism?
		Humiliation Fetish?
	
	Partner not making a move when sub and getting dom-oral
	
	encountered a problem with text saying I had a Knot even though I have a human penis. Didn't happen often, only saw it once or twice, think it only happened when I was with Dog-girls too
	
	Similar buffs could extend to things like anal creampie for anal fetishists, pregnancy for pregnancy fetishists.  Some fetish buffs would have to be applied after certain acts are done, such as causing a pregnancy chance for seeders.
		Would probably make sense to have that replace the exp boost from taking virginities.
		(Taking virgiinities would give a bigger/different buff than seeding would.)
	
	add an action to ask for them to keep going in sex
	
	Tantric Fetish
		It would encourage a partner to keep on going for more orgasns/ it could give you an extra arcane esscence for each orgasm you and your partner have.
		 get rested bonuses from having sex for a long time from the meditative/spiritual aspect of tantra
		
	
	Read fetish dreams
	
	Shopping arcade restrooms (gloryhole)
	
	Rename penis wetness effect
	
	if I win a fight, and submit, i can't make people drink my potions. 
	
	Add licking, sucking, tongue-fucking (for fuckable nipples) for breast actions
	
	AI is still ignoring fetishes (anal fetishists not using anal positions/actions, etc.)
	
	Lactation fetish, actions
	
	Vaginal wetness to determine squirting
	
	That's a good point about your phone... Once I expand the character creation screen, I'm going to let you choose your starting clothes, so I'll rework that part of the intro then (so that you keep your clothes). ^^
	I'm going to be adding conversation actions with Lilaya soon, and I'll add one for talking about your phone, good idea!
	Oh, and I'll probably expand the generic NPC encounters so that they try to run away if they've lost to you several times.
	
	
	UPDATE Lilaya & Kate SCENES:
		Getting a lot of game-halting bugs when trying to use the finger yourself command when doin the do with Lilaya
		Some embedded buttons are completely missing
	
	some descriptions could maybe change according to your characters orientation because it seems strange that an androphilic character stares and gulps at for example the stylist or other female assets
	
	if you have a tail and either suck it or self-tail peg, in the selfie tab the first time is given to your partner.
	
	If I select "Orgasm" instead of "Stay in position", I won't get a chance of pregnancy, I won't get pregnant, and I won't even get a creampie status, even though the flavor text says I got hella cum in my 100% fertility vagina.
	
	Please deal with the terrible finger sucking once and for all
	
	succubus is still not using her cock; add a preference for cock actions to her
	
	When you have the observant perk and examine someone, it shows what they are, but it also shows what they look like. The two statements are useful, but how they're blended (or, rather, not) can be rather jarring.
	
	Might be useful to be able to hide one or more sections in the pregnancy stats (ongoing pregs / completed pregs / offsprings list), because after having too many pregs with the seeder fetish, that page became quite long
	
	 i just got into a bug where the wolf futa i was having sex with pulled out just as her arousal reached 100 and its staying in an infinite loop where she is doing nothing
	 I had to choose a penetrative action in order to trigger the scene to end
	
	Ditzy fetish
	
	a pair of shin guards keep you from removing panties
	
	"Deep Throat," "Orgasm Facial" and "Thigh Squeeze"  mutual versions
	
	when outside of a known shop you can quick travel to the entrance, and when at your aunts the library
	
	lose to an NPC with submissive fetish, do they still submit to you
	
	Quicksave_somechar or Quicksave_otherchar
	
	Minor NPCs should be complying with requests, but I'll add some reactions for them to make that clear
	
	One of the NPC's quotes for a top-heavy PC is something like "How much Bubble Milk have you been drinking?!" Since bubble milk is no longer an item in the game, I feel that this quote has been overlooked.
	
	The gender detection is terrible ^^
	
	slightly change the flavour text for the Lusty Maiden stuff (to say they use pussy, but no penetration)
	
	The ability to have NPCs suck on your tail
	(furry tail option)
	
	I've always wished more games with combat would implement more sadomasochism stuff. I'm thinking something like, the less health you have, the harder you hit.
	 Maybe a perk of some kind. Could be health based or seduction based. Maybe a fetish like the more aroused you are, the more you arouse others.
	Also, attacks and teases that deal recoil damage of some kind. Like a really powerful tease that arouses the user or an attack that's self-inflicted but deals a lot of damage or arousal to the opponent. Something like that.
	Generally combat stuff that says "I will kill you by beating myself up!"
	I'm thinking something like Double Edge, where you take recoil damage, or Counter, where you deal twice the amount of damage you took, except with the emphasis being not on
	 "I was reckless and hurt myself but at least I beat you up" and more of "Getting hurt IS my attack!"
	 I don't want getting hurt to be a side effect of why I win, I want getting hurt to BE why I win
	
	
	 I'm still of the opinion that for whatever the next iteration of the character development system is, a system similar to D&D should be investigated.
	  One where your "Core" attributes are actuall core, and extremely difficult to alter(and probably tied to the TF's),
	   while the incremental changes that happen upon leveling up apply only to things that are safe to have increase infinitely(like the ability to overcome/resist specific interactions)
	
	cowboy hat
	Belt top... literally wearing a belt that coveres no more than the nipples
	Is a tube top a thing? i havent seen one yet
	
	There will need to be a system in place to handle multiple penetrators in one orifice
		Need to use capacity to determine what can fit
		Need girth?
	
	special action:
		deepthroat your cock and stick their tongue out to touch your vagina underneith (requires no balls getting in the way)
	
	Cum addicts should gain a bonus for having cum covered clothing on
	
	NPCs can spawn in exposed x_x
	
	Cat-girl losing penis, loses cock ring, but cock ring loss description refers to you, with "Clothing added to inventory: "
	
	Interruptions with bimbo speak (handle '-')
	
	penis, anal, nipple, oral virginity fetishes
	
	When you're having a scene with Lilaya, sometimes a button will not respond, and if you switch button pages and return, the button is missing
		For me, it was during the first scene with Lilaya. I tried to finger self, and it did not appear to respond, so I switched pages, came back and the button was gone.
		 I tried some other things to get the scene to progress, then other buttons stopped responding, like feel breasts, etc, during the scene.
		Once the scene progressed, things would return to normal for a while. I have not noticed the issue with Kate or random NPCs though.
		: I tried other actions later in the scene, and some buttons would just not respond, and flipping through the pages would make those unresponsive buttons vanish until the scene progressed.
	
	When I exported my character it was a pregnant herm, and import screen and selfie after importing show the same as well as I have the pregnant status effect.
	 However when I drank a "mother's milk" to speed it along so I could get preggers again, the potion dialog said nothing happened since I wasn't pregnant and the status timer didn't budge from the time left in that stage. 
	 That's as far as I got last night before passing out tho; Haven't tried receiving vaginal sex yet to see what happens.
	
	
	I've been using the masturbation fetish for those sort of options, but that doesn't really make much sense. I'll add a fetish for 'manual stimulation' (both for giving and receiving)
	
	While the shop is renamed 'Pix's Playground', the fast-travel button at the mall entrance is still 'City Gym'.
	
	Since v0.1.81 at least, there's a bug involving the standing/sitting NPC sex scenes (Lilaya, Kate), where trying to do self-penetration (pink-text) actions will lock up the dialogue.
	 Specifically, the scene won't progress and the only working button is 'Use item'; clicking on it will advance arousal but returning to the main screen doesn't advance the scene, and some of the options disappear.
	  It seems to happen when the partner is also self-penetrating, although from what I've been able to test, the logic isn't consistent (Lilaya doing all three - mouth, nipples, tail - doesn't cause the lock-up, but any one on its own does).
	   So far as I've tested, this does NOT happen with street NPCs, and normal intercourse is unaffected. I'm not familiar with Java so I haven't looked at the source code, but it seems to be unique to these characters' arrangement.
	
	
	Multi-breast option for unique NPCs
	
	Add unique scene for succubus taking virginity with tail.
	
	Combine potion effects!
	
	Add better reaction dialogue for:
		Starting sex with areas exposed
		Revealing areas while resisting
	
	Special daughter code :3
	
	veils
	
	If the system generates an NPC with a derived fetish (which is actually good) it should make sure they have the prerequisite fetishes too
		So basically grab from hat; if selections have prereqs, add those too
	
	I took the virgin trait, then I took my own virginity with my tail.  The game was not prepared.  It said the succubus I was having sex with did it.
	
	save game in sex/combat
	
	
	An easier fix for the moment might be to make it harder to level up.  You do seem to climb way faster than you should.  Especially since the game basically starts you off at level 2 if you just go to the lab.
	
	Clothing enchanting
		Maybe locks a character to a certain TF
		Or makes them always use a certain pace
	
	Used condom mechanics (enchant + impregnate)
	
	+ tit fucking
	+ hotdogging
	+ thigh sex
	
	voyeur fetish as a partner to exhibitionist
	
	character rework, ask the player if non-con is to be on or off. Same with TF
	
	When you explore the harpy nests after you finish the quest you wont find anything instead the look for trouble command is what you use so having the explore command there is redundant and possibly confusing
	
	It'd be even better if their scaling could be made dynamic based on time, and for the player's children the level of both parents at conception.
	
	Ralph's scenes
		The turn after I pushed us onto the brink of a mutual orgasm, a customer arrived. After clicking "Mutual Orgasm", I got the text for my climax, followed by the "part of your discount was offered to the customer" text,
		 followed by "you stayed quiet, they didn't find out you were there!" Then after the customer leaves Ralph's climax text hits. Then he offers me the full 25% discount. When I get back to the shop menu, however, it's listed as 20%.
	
	
	5) Also on the Non-Con Train, the description of your partner in the "Step Back" screen after the dirty deed has been done is also positive.
	 After 12 orgasms, the formerly Pure Virgin Non-Con partner shouldn't be "thoroughly satisfied because you gave them what they wanted."
	  Without getting too brutal you could say something along the lines of "Your reluctant partner lay panting in your combined fluids, their trembles a mark of their attempted resistance and ultimate failure to do so" or something. 
	
	It seems that hitting enter after typing in a name on the save game screen glitches it out.  You need to click off of the text box.
	
	Pix multi-breast
	
	You cant get rid of harpies although i have not tested after the harpy quest is finished
	
	Buy all not showing up?
	
	Tooltip persisting on window switch
	
	Regarding my suggestion of changing stats to different names (so you don't have strength or fitness, which don't have any bearing on the player's appearance), coming up with names for new stats that make sense was fairly easy.
	  They can be things like 'force of personality' or 'self-control', things which make a lot of sense to influence how good you are with magic and how strong your aura is.
	    That gives you a set of combat stats that then don't have any bearing on your appearance.
	The snag I actually ran into is actually the special attacks that various body types and transformations give you, abilities that are obviously not derived from magic at all.
	  It wouldn't be too hard to change enemies up so that they don't attack you directly, instead using magic to hit your aura, but those special attacks would have to be completely
	   redone since it doesn't make a whole lot of sense for claws to give you a new spell that you can't get otherwise.
	
	
	In the same way dicks will be getting flags it would be nice if pussies could also get a couple more variables for stuff like labia size/shape. It would also be nice if their pubic hair and it's potential styling were a flag rather than a matter of race. 
	Similarly it would be nice if nipples could get a bit more details like size, shape, state of inversion. Areola size/shape. 
	( For example it would be hot if some nipples started inverted but then 'pop' out once they get stiff from arousal.
	 While some, especially fuckable nipples should probably stay inverted regardless of arousal. As for Areola being to make them puffy separately from the nipples base size would be neat.)
	
	Brax dom not using proper actions?
	
	
	implement a sort of fetish-inheritance system
	
	-Child race is determined as one of the parent's dominant race (50/50 of player or partner's race, perks determine if player is more or less likely)
	-Child's furriness rating is determined to be something between the parent's furriness (random, average, or based on player choice of which)
	-Furriness is same as furry preference settings.
	-Humans are essentially all races with no furriness, so their race is ignored when determining what race the child will have (only if the child's furriness is 0 are they human)
	-The gender of the child is determined based on a mix of the natural birth rates for their race and the player's gender preferences, based on a setting chosen in the gender preference menu.  The options are:
	--All natural births (children are always the natural genders, ex: humans are 50% male and 50% female, harpies are 50% traps and 50% female)
	--Some preferred births (children are mostly natural genders, with a 10-33% chance to instead follow the player's gender preferences)
	--Natural preferred births (children are always natural genders, but will follow the player's gender preferences when possible, ex: if either male or female are enabled, the split will be based on the players gender preferences, otherwise it's the default)
	--All preferred births (children's genders are always based on the player's gender preferences)
	
	{
	Gender prefs aren't being applied to offspring.
	-Natural birth only (all children are born based on their race's natural birth rates only, human 50% male/50% female, harpy 50% trap / 50% female)
	-Rare unusual births (most children are born with natural genders, but unusual ones have a small chance to trigger)
	-Natural preferred births (all children are born with natural birth genders, but will respect the player's gender preferences when possible)
	-All births preferred (children will use the player's gender preference sheet)
	}
	
	
	
	
	NPCs to gain xp even on loss
	
	Randomise succubi a bit more
	
	"Arcane crystal dice" - consumable
		Adds a random enchantment to a piece of clothing
		
	get mother milk from NPC drops
	
	pots might not be adding to core
	
	Sloppy seconds fetish?
	
	parse TFs piece-by-piece
	
	If you get Lilaya pregnant, then manage to avoid her until the pregnancy is over, then go talk to her for the 'did she get pregnant or not' scene... she acts like she was never pregnant.

	NPC for TFs and resistance
		individual body preferences for NPCs (breast size, cock size, femininity, etc)
	
	Character view -> Panel on right
		Add details about romance/affection/relationship.
			You are not in any sort of relationship with the wolf-boy.
			The wolf-boy is your son, conceived with Brax on day 31 and birthed on day 42.
			The wolf-boy is currently neutral towards you.
	
	Split appropriate fetishes
	
	------
	
	Offspring:
		Start doing the 45% mother, 45% father, 5% chimera
		Add perks for breeding vessel, strong seed (and a more powerful version of each)
		Appearance should be based on mother, unless human, then based on father.
		Random name.
		Random fetishes.
		
	DOMINION - Dog, cat, horse, wolf:
		Alley attack, but you recognise each other. Reveals their name as soon as you meet.
			Talk
				Affection progression:
					Robber? -> Stop robbing -> Move in
					Hug +5 affection -> Kiss +5 affection -> Love +5 affection | Sex +25 affection, only if they have incest fetish
				Relax + 5 affection
				Gift +5 affection
				Massage (opportunity to influence fetishes) +5
				Dress (set their clothing)
			Fight -10 affection
			Leave
	
	------
	
	Redo perks
		Look like fetish screen
		Each has a cost
		Earn level amount of perk points each level up
		Add a reset button to both fetish and perk screen
	
	Dominant oral
		Remember paizuri!
	
	
	Sex effects:
		Make status effects affect penetrator
		Fetishes all on one icon?
		Status effects for penetration types as well
		
	Export to save inventory
	
	Quests
	
	
	cum onto face/breasts/stomach/pussy/ass/back
	
	At this point I would probably suggest giving some category tabs to other stores than just Nyan's. 
		Vicky's for example is getting kinda cramped with the new additions, and will get even more so if things keep going at this rate.
	
	AI are trying to remove all pen before orgasming? :s
		": Diana basically removed my finger from her ass, pulled off my dick from her throat, stopped fingering my pussy and then came"
	
	
	a decently game-breaking bug: Diana has an infinity loop where she stops the kissing action the PC initiated as the dom. When selected again she does it again to no end. So kissing is bugged for her atm.
	It seems Lexi has the same problem as Diana, and the issue is not an infinite loop but they just constantly stop kissing
Also noticed the Stop partner self action option disappears.
	
	Also, Face/Back to wall options do not become available until the selection of another position. I checked with doggy style.
	
	equipping items with global resist doesn't actually buff any of your resistances
	
	 Succubus attacker scene, submissive (no fight), with a new character (level 3): in 69, she struggles to blow my character (stretching her mouth for like 5+ turns); she then forces me to blow her,
	  and despite i have a standard mouth, there is no streching at all (for a 19 inch demonic cock...); am I naturally talented ? :LTmouth:
 Oh and despite being horny as fuck, and stating clearly she's going to fuck me, even if I request anal and she puts me in an anal-enabling position, she never goes for it, too busy stimulating herself with her various... tools
	
	Regarding Ralph's scene: i tried twice to ask for a big discount asap; it stops the sucking scene, Ralph says or does nothing (except stopping getting sucked), and... that's all. From there, the only available options are Wait
	 (Ralph does nothing either) / Calm down / Starting sucking (again; seems to work, except the big discount option isn't there anymore). More or less default male human character.
	( I think you need to get him suitably aroused first, 60 arousal or so?)
	Okay, this is only a matter of arousal; I tested with 40+ arousal on Ralph but with clothes on, and it works (he pulls everything himself when i select the option)
	
	
	the assaulting succubus doesn't have her racial trait, despite being Greater (and fully Demonic)
	
	Change sex actions into categories:
		[pen actions]
		[orifice actions]
	
	Saving in combat is causing a bug where if you reload, the enemy retains their lost health from before the load
	
	So apparently if you start as Androgynous Woman on the body, then chose your pronoun prefernce to be male, it ends up in that scenario:
		"You are a female man."
	
	
	Quests really need sorting out
	
	Fix Brax|bree options
	
	
	
	Mother's milk text, when using on an NPC, says "You eagerly gulp down the rich, creamy..."
	
	Stats panel is still creeping down and pushing your partners stats into unreadability during sex.
	Additional the masochism fetish doesn't seem to be working properly. was fighting an NPC and seduced them down to 8 points of willpower and punched them for 20 points of health damage and she took no willpower damage
	
	
	 think I found a bug, in the alley I have a wolf-girl like mark or stay in the place, then press the explore button several times so can she show up, but instead of the wolf-girl it was dog-girl
	 
	
	Far too many oral virgins
	
	To enable things like slime cat-girls:
	: Body part "materials"
		EG: "Flesh" is the default part "material"
		But later you could add "Slime"
		"Rock" for like golem arms
		"Phantom" for telekenetic parts
		"Energy" for elemental parts like a Fire elemental
		"ghostly" for ghost parts
	
	Sex UI to show pen types
		Also just have one 'fetishes' icon
	
	Missionary (mating press if have impregnation fetish)
	
	 the game still says for npcs that wear fishnet top + cupless bra that I don't know their nipples (No exposed status effect)
	  It says her large boobs are now exposed
	You've never seen her naked chest, so you don't know what her nipples look like
	
	AI in sex:
		Horse boy pulled out at 98 arousal in doggy-style
	
	
	I guess if it's in the player's hands (Like an option saying 'BAD END: Submit totally to Brax.'), then bad ends could be ok.
	
	furry tail option
		Well, I don't think it will be included by default, due to my concerns with how it would feel, but I could add a toggle in the options menu to enable it. It wouldn't really be any extra work to do that, and I guess everyone is happy then.
	
	Yeah, I'll add some more variation so that more NPCs resist if you have non-con turned on. At the moment, it's just virgins or NPCs that aren't attracted to you who will resist. ^^
	
	Add some more speech during sex, like little unique lines to say based on what fetishes they have.
	
	add a cryptic "on loan from Merle" note to Vicky
	
	make 'litter size increase' a stat to be manipulated like all the others
	
	Speaking of finger sucking, is it possible to make other people suck your fingers? I know you can stick your fingers everywhere else.
	
	Fetishes besides exhibitionist (and crossdresser) should be taken into account for clothing choices, too. Like a buttslut should be more likely to wear backless panties. And a pure virgin should probably never wear anything crotchless
	
	Add some variation to clothing removal priorities
		I might make some NPCs only interested in starting penetration as soon as possible
		Anal fetishists should only care about revealing ass (split receiving and giving fetishes)
	
	I should add 'storm' status effect to the sex screen, so it's clear that the storm is having an influence on them.
		Pure virgin 'Tease her pussy' -> her response is begging to be fucked x_x (Due to storm though???)
	
	Orgasm actions are sometimes defaulting to the special ones, sometimes the default ones :s
		MUTUAL ORGASMS!!!
		deepthroat during her orgasm, "you feel her insider slighlty twitching as her body shakes from her orgasm"
	
	harpy begs for sex after fight
	Than it proceeds like its rape
	Issue linked with Pure Virgin fetish/effect?
	
	The dog-girl grins at you as your no breasts are revealed, "Aww, are you trying to become a girl?"
	
	I sometimes couldent deepthroat cum intop a harpy (no mutual orgasm is the cause)
	
	 put some rudimentary java install instructions on the blog, followed by instructions on how to launch jar files via the command line.
	
	Harpy fingering :s
	
	You're right, it does remove the possibility of female NPCs using oral/masturbation actions in those positions. I didn't quite think that one through, and will most likely revert it in the next update. ^^

	I'm also planning on completely revamping the character creation screen soon (as well as adding 'penis virginity'), and once I do that there will be a lot more starting traits to choose from! ^^
	
	Seems cock size and cum production can be boostet infinitely while descriptions seem to cap out at stallion-sized/extreme, not sure if intentional or not.
	 Cum production also doesn't seem to have any effect when you're on the receiving end of the cock, in neither dominant nor submissive scenes that I've tested, not sure if a bug or just incomplete.
	  Deepthroating also doesn't seem to stretch your throat at all. As an aside on blowjobs there should probably also be an option to cum in someone's mouth,
	   or have them cum in yours and then spit/swallow/play around with it, etc as desired, possibly with a rough action to force swallow.
	 20% human encounters also seems to be broken, didn't get one human on that setting, but it might just have been RNG fucking with me.
	
	Also, possible bug but may also be intended: With the Exhibition Fetish enabled, wearing a pair of backless panties adds the +12 Willpower damage status, but does not remove the +4 variant as is expected.
	 Shifting them aside and removing them properly removes the +4 status, leaving the +12 variant in play, but replacing or re-equipping them produces the previous results of both statuses being applied.
	  Checked with my stats page to confirm that it is in fact affecting my character in this manner and the math checks out and is consistent with the statuses being simultaneously applied.
	   Key note is that the same results do NOT occur when using other types of clothing that blocks view of the genitals.
	 This was tested and remains consistent with both male and female characters. Saves used were created with current build, 0.1.81.
	 + assless chaps
	
	
	fondling balls is associated to oral fetish
	
	Pix scene behind non-con
	
	: I could add a 1-turn check so that if you've displaced that clothing, they prefer to displace on that same turn
	: I should also add a 'forbid self-clothing interaction' action
	
	exhibitionists wearing overbust corsets
	
	Could be fun to play around with that number. Like fetish affecting the outcome or how you do the combat maybe?
		"weakness exploited + 2 essance"
	
	wouldent it be better to change the "your naturel dog-morph's ears colour is black"
		To "your naturel dog-morph's fur colour is black"
	change the descriptions to say "You now have a dog-like tail, covered in black fur."
	
	are the foodstuffs supposed to have a transformation effect before they're made into potions or what because Rose warns you to be careful of everything you do unless you want to turn into a catgirl.
		hint at encahnting system
	
	: I should add 'forbid partner' to consensual scenes, to give you more control
	
	the game considers me penetrating Lilaya as me getting fucked by her in the dirty talk: "Don't stop! Fuck me!"
	
	use the matriarch items on NPCs
	
	1) Any harpy you encountered before making it safe will be impossible to meet their saved icon will remain on the area but they can't be encountered.
	2) After making the nest safe it is impossible to encounter the same harpy twice. Her icon remains but when you click look for trouble a completely different harpy shows ups.
	
	
	Brax sex ended with pregnancy warning. Last action was orgasm while getting licked.
	
	Dual strike text doesn't take into account misses
	
	Enemies seem to add more acceseries every time i encounter them
		they just keep putting on more clothes

	Could there be a fun stat for how many undies or jewelry stolen?
	
	also a rape fetish for NPCs that makes them always resist
	
	Pix has multiple rows of breats despite the fact that I've turned off the multi-breast setting. Is this because she's a pregenerated character?
	
	It'd be interesting if perks like cum addict and nympho had a bonus if they were satisfied recently, and a penalty if you've gone a while without cum/sex
	
	After giving a random npc mother's milk, the dialogue description's 3rd paragraph is addressing the PC instead of the npc: "You eagerly... overwhelms your senses... Before you know...." Etc.
	
	Mother's milk for kate
	
	
	Importer is deleting core stats
	
	
	AI:
		1. An enemy with the Dominant personality just shouted Dirty Talk at me. Not even finger sucking or anything else, just that.
	
		Even after giving permission, the NPC doesn’t help with stripping of clothing. They don’t even take their own clothes off. Related to this, NPCs are still not taking off their bottoms generally speaking, not related to the permission.
	
	
	
	Cum fetish needs variation for nympho.
		Timings for punishments.
			
			
	Add player sexuality as part of the gender preferences option menu
	
	font size: large is causing the boxes in furry preferences to not fit the text.
	
	Not sure if this is a bug, but since Brax became repeatable he now prefers anal without the Anal fetish.  In 10+ attempts I have never had him take my character vaginally regardless of whether I was a futa or pure female.
	
	
	Need to change onVirginity loss to take into account NPC and their penetration type.
	
	by the way Innoxia, were you aware that for some reason every time I take an enemy, they now lean against my tiny/large breasts?! I'm playing male this play through, no breasteses in selfie, yet lol
		as in sexebrating my victory over an opponent
	
	Random potion/elixirs as drops
	
	futa harpies a possibility.
	
	Oh and another bug, the "allow clothes" and "forbid self actions" buttons don't appear at the very start of sex with the matriarchs, you have to do certain actions first.
	
	During sex, If an NPC (Any race) removes their top I don't know what their breasts look like, but if I remove their top I do know what their breasts look like.
	

	
	Also, "stroke cock" only works during sex with Brax now, and not in any other sexual encounter.
	Btw, Innoxia, stroke cock is still not working.
	Also, "stroke your cock" during sex doesn't work.
	
	Skin/eye/hair/fur colour groups
	
	Pregnant demons to grow penis? Doesn't this break pregnancy? :o
	 
	 Nah, sex again afterwards with a normal creampie caused the 'there's a chance she'll get pregnant' message.
	  If there was a prior valid creampie, it would have given the 'if she wasn't already pregnant, there's a chance she is now' message. And I just discovered that Pussy2Mouth does not take your partner's oral virginity.
	
	Just restarted and tried the Brax encounter.  Attempted a Cowgirl but for some reason, I can't ride Brax's cock.
	
		
	Bree/Brandi pregnant talk
	
	
	If Brax beats you, when he takes off your clothes it replaces his name with yours
	
	I'm not sure if this was a bug or not but when testing the above bug, Brax as the dom wouldn't seem to start vagina sex until the exact moment you orgasm,
	 which is what made me notice the above bug in the first place. So I tried testing as many times as I could but Brax for some reason just wouldn't cooperate,
	  he'd do start anal sex before I'd orgasm but not vaginal, I just thought it was weird, might be a bug, might not, I dunno.
	
	Transformation fetish NPCs to be hybrids
		Gate Brax TF behind fetish
		NPCs force TF you on combat defeat
	
	Items!
	
	Quest mechanics are stupid x_x
	
	I tried recoloring bree's panties in black but just spent one brush. Can you either avoid dyeing on these kind of NPC's or make it persistent,
	
	
	Taking own (anal) virginity using tail gives Brax taking virginity scene
	
	
	after I move to the left and then return to Candi's desk I can't actually do anything to Brandi, and when I moved away from the desk, the game acted like I was still interacting with Candi, with Brandi's inventory screen instead of the map
	
	
	cum addicts shouldn't make pull out requests.
	
	Alchemist perk
		Reduce essence costs
		Add values to increase/decrease descriptions
	
	Add 'Undo' beneath the 'Add' button in enchanting menu
	
	Brax as futa option
	
	
	Add an option 0 'Leave' for Bree's options
	
	Add search (option 6) to harpy nests.
	
	
	Used condoms impregnation + Pregnancy test
	Pregnancy test
		Ends risk phase
		Lets you know who father is, and children
	
	Harpy encounters
	
	Taking virginity NPC reactions
	
	------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
	
	Combine Dominion and Harpy NPCs into a generic NPC class.
	Make encounter text based on their location.
	
	
	Dual cocks, cock customisation
	
	Expand colouring of parts:
		horse cock colouring
		Tails, wings, and horn got their own color separate from the base skin color.
		Add multiple colours to one body part (so you could have orange-black stripes or brown-white mottled fur and stuff ^^) spots, striped, mottled
			Single colour (default)
			Spots (Primary = background, Secondary = spots)
			Stripes (Primary = background, Secondary = spots)
			Mottled (Primary = background, Secondary = mottle)
	
	Lips: thin, full, plump, huge, massive
	hair styles
	nail polish
	makeup
	
	Dyebrush item for skin colours
	
	
	
	
	So I put on a jinxed clothing item, and now I'm stuck on the page telling me to talk to Lilaya
		Pressing continue (or 1) isn't doing anything
	
	
	[Ashley.they], [Ashley.them] and [Ashley.theirpro]
	
	No option to be bottom if you win as a male.
	 Also, I've seen a rather odd bug: at random I'll get a notice when an NPC has breasts or genitals exposed that I've never seen what that body part looks like, even though I'm now staring right at them.
	 So far the Succubus and a couple other general NPCs have had that at least once when they or I uncover their chest or any goodies downstairs.
	  I'll try a fresh new game later on as I realize I keep using my old saves and forget that that might cause issues as well.
	 One more thing, not really an issue but some might find it annoying: there doesn't seem to be a way to skip the intro anymore.
	
	
	I'm glad that the new enchanting system has addressed that other issue, but I might still add a 'Drink all' option for non-crafted potions/consumables. ^^
	
	
	I didn't see this in the notes but I noticed that the prices for Ralph's goods have gone up a bit, not a huge amount but things do cost a bit more.
	
	I know harpies are getting worked on, but just adding that I have encountered female harpies with the the deflowering fetish.
	 Also, harpies with a pregnancy fetish that ask me to breed them are still mad when I encounter them again and they are pregnant.
	
	
	I'll change those kissing descriptions soon (they don't really fit very well at the moment, you're right).
	
	Oh, also, Anonymous, I'll get that issue fixed as well. I'll make it so new vaginas have some starting wetness and elasticity, thanks for the feedback! ^^
	
	
	I'm not exactly sure what caused it, but after crafting potions I'm unable to exit the inventory screen
		The last thing I crafted was a human potion of larger testicles
		Also, the selfie screen seems to always say you have a genderless mound along with any genitals you have
		Can't seem to remove jynxed clothing, clicking the clothing in the dejynx menu doesn't do anything
	
	
	crotchless briefs
	
	 I equipped a pair of shoes that spawned cursed and I didn't get the quest to ask lilaya how to remove them
	
	Getting mound description in selfie even when ahving penis + vagina
	
	Harpy nests
		Harpy attack
		Three matriarchs
	
	Consider uncommon (green) items
	
	Fetish dreams
	
	
	Enchantments upgrade
		Allow multiple effects
			Combine same effects
			
	Add text feedback for when potion is crafted
	
	virgin killer (+groin cover)
	fishnet skirt
	
	
	Add more demon types
	
	
	Writing improvements needed:
		Virginity loss (nipple, throat)
		All sex actions.
		Check deflowering for other orifices
		Rewrite and improve a lot of those 'ongoing' descriptions during sex. (NPC's generateGenericPenetrationDescription method)
		
	
	Orgasms
	
	
	Tattoos
		
	Fix lag in clicking items in inventory
		
	I especially like the stripping reactions from PC/NPC as breasts and genitals are revealed, adds fun immersion. But I find that extra scene is missing if already naked or wearing crotchless panties.
	 Any chance of a reaction to those at start of battle/sex encounters? I'm sure some would give catcalls ;D Bonus for naughty exposed virgins.
	
	Add flavour text to explore action
	
	In Lilaya’s climax scene: that scene states that she pulls herself off the PC’s cock, but the game doesn’t reflect.
	
	
	-------------
	
	Loading screen when generating map
	
	By submitting content or code to Lilith's Throne you agree to grant the developer "Innoxia" perpetual, unlimited license to use, modify, extend, or include that content in any fashion the developer sees fit,
		either in Lilith's Throne or any other project, game, story, movie, visual novel, or any other project the developer may create in the future.
	This includes, but is not limited to, character concepts and designs, written art, programming code and/or logic, accompanying art, sound effects, voice acting, or music.
	
	
	
	
	The ability to give Mother's Milk to pregnant characters, for sudden growth, or to hurry up and get them un-pregnant as quickly as possible.
	
	Increase cum/milk amount from potions.
	
	Add a way to jinx clothing
	
	Ralph scene, he uses tests until he knocks you up
	
	Go through all unique scenes and fix (don't expand yet, not enough time)
	
	Add rough/gentle/normal start for victory
	Add resist/eager start options to harpies
	
	Make it so you can switch positions even if penetrating (remove all penetration)
	
	AI in sex
		Make them get on with penetration a lot quicker than they currently do
			Make them prefer penis penetration
			
		Far too keen on self-actions
	  		
	  	Only the male human I fought and lost to had me doggy and just quite literally sat there and did nothing (his turns actually boiled down to him taking no action at all) until just before he came. 
			So far the option to be bottom for either male or female PC's is no where to be seen and even NPC's seem content to sticking to foreplay only.
	
	Go through and make sure resist is before normal->eager
	
	Maybe change it so that NPCs (while being the sub) will be allowed to penetrate you if your pace is gentle.
	
	add "feathered wings" to the [npc.arm+] command for harpy arms
		Rewrite harpy hands
		Leaving it as the arm ending in a hand covered in plumage and with feather-like fingers coming out if should work just fine.
		Parser "hand" and "finger"/"fingers" commands for harpy
	
	Allow unique NPCs to wear condoms, drink MM, take pills, etc.
	
	"Buy all I can afford" option instead of buy all when you can't afford all items in a stack
	
	Insemination orgasm (requires free cock, free pussy)
	
	----------------
	
	**Tail vagina**
	**Tail anus**
	**Tongue nipple**
	**Tongue anus**
	
	Bimbo lover/Bimbo
		-> braindead bimbo (all you can think about is bimbos)
	
	
	Add partner reactions during sex. (I'd be great if that remark from Lilaya was made as a response to that comment from the PC on the same 'turn')
	
	Add corruption requirements for rape/resist for NPCs
	
	
	
	Extra action descriptions for future:
		Face-to-wall:
			Reach around to breasts.
			Reach around to stroke cock.
			Descriptions of pushing into wall while fucking. (Reaching down to hold hips etc.)
		Pretty much every action x_x
			(They are all very generic and boring.)
		Orgasms in kneeling don't take pace into account properly.
		Orgasms in kneeling need a mutual variant.
		Expand/incorporate pace for all orgasms
		Herm fun in sixty-nine.
		Doggy actions:
			Grope breasts (reach around description).
			Add 'tail pull' as a rough action (grabbing base of tail and pulling back onto cock as fuck them). Remove this description from the generic 'Rough'.
			Add gentle fucking.
	
	
	Pregnant:
		belly rubbing action during gentle pace
		belly rubbing, belly wobbling during rough
	
	
	----------------------
	
	Back to wall (Ass on groin) Position:
		Forcing sub to fuck ass.
	
	Doggy oral Position:
		Dom performing oral & masturbation on doggy-style.
		
	----------------------
	
	
	
	CHECK FURRY OPTIONS (start of game)
		Are they working correctly?!?!
	
	Allow position changes while penetrating
		Remove all penetration on position/manager change.
		
	
	
	Fisting
	Head pats
	Ear scratching
	Specifically targetting cat-morphs, scraches just above the tail
	
	Add way to change sexual preferences and fetishes (at orgasm). [Requires mind-break fetish]
	
	retcon lore (not everyone is willing)
	
	Handle partner orgasm when you're not ready (still give player option of how to react)
	
	Add UI display for arousal gained. (arousal/turn)
	
	Improve "Recovering orifice" status effects (show timer and icon for orifice)
	
	
	Support partner-less sex.
	
	Lilaya's room
		Laundry basket
			steal dirty panties
			cumming in Lilaya's dirty panties
		Drawers
			steal panties
			cumming in Lilaya's clean panties
		
	Smell front/back
	Lick front/back
	Fantasise
	Penis:
		Wrap around jerk-off
		Stroke over head
		Rub over balls
	Vagina:
		Push inside
		Rub over clit
	Mound:
		Rub over mound
	Orgasm:
		Muffle mouth
		Cum in panties
		Stuff inside
		
		
	Rose romance (fem-dom, requires feminine player):
		(Rose has sub and dom fetishes.)
		Ask to help out.
		She gives you a maid uniform.
		She becomes really dom.
		Have to go around helping her clean the house.
		She forces you to eat her out.
		When romance level is high, she shows you 'extra' duties (teaches you how to get fucked by Lilaya in a threesome).
	
	
	
	Direct cum in orgasm
	
	I'll add a 'drink all' option to stacks of potions
	
	egg laying content. When Lilaya is the father, don't get aggressive towards her, and instead force her to help you protect your eggs.
	
	Colour for hotkey on button
	
	blend together potions for the same affects in a single potion
	
	I'll probably do as you suggest, and add in a 1 or 2 day timer before NPCs get new clothes.
	
	Would be nice to have a bit better highlighting on perks you've already taken.
	
	It should probably be possible to call for Rose from your room
	
	Hair styles
	
	add lactation increases during pregnancy.
	
	Braindead bimbo fetish
	
	Body toning
	
	add life-spans to the encyclopdia entries
	
	the auto fit of the text on buttons looks odd. better return it to the way it was before. The text shrinks, making it contrast and out of place compared to the text on other buttons.
	
	go through documents. (The ones that person sent you ^^)
	
	If the player has a the "pure virgin" and "love" fetish, they'll gain the "innocent virgin" derived fetish.
		This fetish makes it so the player doesn't gain "broken virgin" if they lose they virginity with a monogamous lover.
		But if for some reason they ever have sex with a non-lover npc, either by rape or cheating, they gain "broken virgin" too.
	
	Also, now that we can mass-produce potions, it might be useful to mass-feed people them
		(Add a 'use all' option or something)
	
	I have a suggestion, not sure where to put it in the suggestion doc, features? However, anyways not sure if this has been suggested or not.
	 Whenever you submit/ lose to an npc they only have one orgasm then leave, have not encountered one that has more than one yet.
	  Could it be possible to increase the number of times they can orgasm before they are satisfied? Maybe you could use their stamina to determine how many orgasms they can have, maybe 1 per 20 stamina points,
	   can change this to balance it out a bit? Whenever I fuck an npc I make sure to fill all of their holes, maybe there could be a few who try to do the same or an npc with an impregnate
	    fetish will make sure to empty themselves to make sure the chance of impregnation is high or something along the same line of thought.
	
	
	Make all penetrative actions ignore self-penetration. (You can fuck partner even if they're fingering themselves.)
	
	Fingerless elbow length (fishnet) gloves
	
	Need to display fetish requirements in tooltip
	
	Force fetishes on NPCs through spending arcane essences as they orgasm
	
	
	Sex:
		CHECK PHONE SEX DESCRIPTIONS
		
		TEST EVERY SEX SCENE
		Ralph: prioritise clothing removal before sex
		
		It seems that 69 sex is a position that can't be switched out of (and doggy?)
	
		because the option to request a pullout is X for me
	
		Better review the various buttons and the coloring post-refactoring.
	
	
	Content:
		After talking to Lilaya about any topic, one has to leave and re-enter the lab to talk to her again.
			Re-do all of Lilaya's scenes to allow continuation of talking.
	
		Harpy nests (Alexa and the three matriarchs)
		
		Harpy attacker
		Ok last bug report from me for tonight, I got a random harpy girl pregnant and it said this:
		"TODO: Harpy is pregnant encounter.
		You ended up getting Ralph pregnant, and now she wants revenge!"
	
		Scarlett quest progress
	
		----------
	
		
	Players with high enough strength/fitness and the dominant fetish should be able to flip the tables on Pix during her scene and dominate her
	
	Also, it'd be nice to be able to fuck Kate without her asking us to if we have high enough corruption
		Requirements: Cock, corruption>50
		Surprise penetration
	
	There's somewhat of an exploit with the bookcase in your bedroom. If you read the books you gain .5 intelligence from both books, but that's a one-time thing, I suppose.
		However if you save after getting the intelligence, close the game and reload your character you can read both again for a free 1 Intelligence each time you do this.
	
	perk descriptions (+25 or +60)
	
	Bimbo salon
	
	Fast travel to key places
		you could add a small quest item section to the inventory page, and have Lilaya give you some kind of magical teleportation item that you can "register" to certain frequently visited areas after you've been there once
	
	add Lilin corrupt into demon lore
	
	explore action in harpy nests
	
	Enchanting utility methods (recipe unlocks)
	
	~pregnancy probability certainty added multiple times (once for each encounter)~
	
	Improve characters present screen to use combat layout
	
	Improved bimbo speech
	
	TF reactions
	
	keybinds for 10-15
	
	Lilaya not get so mad when impregnated the second/third+ times.
	
	test lilaya scenes
	essence scenes
	
	Lock Brax TF behind TF fetish
	
	add incubus
	
	Slime back tentacles
	
	Improve use descriptions for all items
	
	Kate getting you pregnant reactions
	
	Create TF fetish
		NPCs need TF preference, then TF the player post-defeat
			Race
			Gender
	
	Clothing in different slots
	
	Rewrite storm attack to make it clear that they're in heat/rut
	
	An auto strip button would be nice so you don't have to go through three menus each turn
	
	map view
	
	"punish" for sadist
	
	Make every Colour reference a BaseColor
	
	Incest encounter: Let PC define what son/daughter calls you
	
	Clothing durability:
		So the swimsuit (which I use for testing as it's the most awkward one), would have 'top half', 'bottom half', and 'midriff'.
		The top half being torn would reveal breasts, the bottom half would reveal groin, and the midriff would reveal stomach.
	
	--------------------------
	
	
		
	Make options:
		Breast count
		Furry
		Sexual preference
	
	Sex rework:
		Tail/hair pulling....
		Doggy style positioning changes...
		Add missionary at some point...
	
	
	
	Brax TF into wolf-girl or futa or shemale
		Let her dominate you afterwards
	
	
	3. Polish Brax's, Ralph's, and the Succubus's sex scenes.
	
	4. Options to interact with the succubus's nipples/tail will be included next version. (As well as demonic penis/vagina descriptions, and unique descriptions for the succubus.)
	
	6. Lilaya needs incest fetish
	
	
	Write variants for persistent NPCs encountering you after the first time.
	Polish all TF descriptions (especially the Harpy ones).
	Write in the next part of the story. (I may or may not have time to include a new sex scene, I think I may end up spending a lot of time polishing the ones that are already in the game.)
	
	Expand Lilaya & Kate pregnancy scenes
	
	I mean personally I take insane pride in teasing ralph by already being pregnant
	Ralph romance
	
	font style switcher
	
	And I'll be adding a way to upgrade potions into full-tf versions.
	
	Add something so that during the same scene they got genderbent in, NPCs acknowledge that their new genitals are new
	
	
	
	Affection:
		Random attackers (only in alleyway):
			Ask for name + Give your name
			->
			Ask why she/he attacked you (need money & then your aura turns them on)
			->
			Ask to be friends (they stop attacking you) OR if you have a slave collar, and the necessary documents, you can enslave them
			->
			Talk about life & have sex
			->
			Ask to move in (they move into Lilaya's home)
			->
			Scene with you introducing them to Lilaya
			->
			Can get sex in their room
	
	
	Change saving/loading files to use an InputStream
	
	Add back in random descriptions for CityPlaces streets
	
	Re-do how quests are handled in the engine (it's really bad at the moment...)
	
	Crafting:
		Change modifiers into ingredients
	
	
	Check export character methods
	
	Change 'request vagina/anal/oral' somehow
	
	
	------------------------
	{lilaya.cockSize>16 and lilaya.cockInPartner(pussy):[lilaya.speech(That's right, you love big cocks, don't you slut?)]}
	
	command++
	commandDD
	
	crotch/groin
		lists all genitals
	
	sheath/base/knot
	
	sack
	
	ball/balls
	
	cum flavour/colour/viscosity
	girlcum
	
	---------------------
	
	
	
	Add pregnancy details to encyclopedia entries for races.
	
	Add partner reactions to creampies.
	
	add back demon TF
	
	Change ongoing sex '+40%' stuff to flat values. (+0.5 per turn etc.)
	
	\[[^.]*?\]
		
		
	Main goals:
		Lilaya romance quest (becoming a demon) Going along with the theme of incest, Lilaya's mother looks exactly like your mother.
			After sex, she mentions wanting to show you how she can TF herself
			Next sex scene, she offers transformations
			After sex, she says how it would be so much better if she were a full demon
			Agree to help
			Have to contact Lilaya's mother (she likes burning bridges...)
			Go find her at demon home
			Have to persuade her to come visit Lilaya (Lilaya really burnt some bridges here...)
				Let her fem-dom you
				Passionate appeal
			She takes up residency at Lilaya's home (for the rest of the game).
			Next time you visit, you find her just having arrived. (She is mercilessly teasing Rose, who is extremely uncomfortable.)
				Lilaya breaks it up
				Lyssieth decides to stay for a while (she has a couple of slaves with her)
			Meet Lilaya in lab again
				She is annoyed that you didn't ask Lyssieth to TF her. (As you didn't really get an opportunity)
		
		
	
	{
		
		[60] Improved parter positioning actions. If your partner is the sub, they will request positions, requiring you to either go along with it, or deny them (which will stop them from attempting to position themselves again).
		[120] Improve orgasms and sex action types (cum inflation)
		
		[120] Character creation expansion
		[45] Move race status effect icon up to be the level-up icon. (Then do the same with your partner in sex.)
		[180] Phone menus
	}
	
	
	time progression changes
		shops closing
		(UI changes...)
	
	[60]

		tongue names
	
		add preferred positions and random fetishes to attackers
		partners need to be limited by corruption/fetishes as well
	
	I'll add a way to get your fingers wet, so that you can transfer saliva to your partner's (or your own) orifices easily.
	
	finger insemination
	
	orgasm reactions (cumming on player parts needs more detail, as well as directing away)
		Partner fucking player example:
		You feel partner about to orgasm. (along with their chosen attempt, either cumming inside or pulling out)
		Reaction option for partner in vagina: Allow pull out | Force creampie
		
		Partner giving blowjob example:
		Choose: Deepthroat | Cum in mouth | Facial
		Partner: Resist/submit | spit/swallow | stay still/direct away
	
	
	deny for sub?
	
	Painful stretching description variants.
		Descriptions should be things like "You cry out in pain as the wolf-boy's massive knotted cock forces its way into your tight asshole."
		
		
	
	Improve horny demon's penetration & dirty talk text.
	
	nipple fucking in 69 & kneeling
	
	Is to have penetration (and various other things) sort of be a "passive" state where the scene just assumes there's thrusting going on even if you actively choose other actions
	So the actions related to penetration would be more about changing pace, withdrawing, or special actions like mutual orgasm or denial or whatever
	Make pink text more narrative.
	
	Add 'free' perks
		Sexual preference (fem++, fem, bi, mas, mas++)
		Furry preference (moved from options)
		Racial preference (can select multiple)
	
	Make attackers during storm in rut/heat
		Rough/ignore all requests.
		
	Brax secretary TF warning
	
	
	I'm also going to greatly expand the character creation options at the start of the game. There will be more options for hair/eye/skin colours, as well as options for starting piercings/tattoos/clothing.
	 I'll also add more detailed body options, so you'll be able to customise all your starting body sizes/capacities/elasticities etc.
	
	Mutual orgasms (cum inside and pull out)
	Better orgasms (import from old scenes)
	
	
	Make action types (so can highlight them as important):
		PLAYER_POSITION_SWITCH(isPlayerAction, isOrgasm)
		PLAYER_PENETRATION
		PARTNER_POSITION_SWITCH
		PARTNER_PENETRATION
		
	
	finish:
		Improved mutual orgasms so that you always have the choice of how you want to orgasm.
	
	
	[120] Add cowgirl (dom+sub) 60/60
	
	----- Rolling into pregnancy:
	Lilaya (doesn't want to get pregnant)
		She asks you to pull out
			If you don't, she starts having a rant at you. "Aren't I supposed to be your aunt?! You want to get your aunt pregnant?!"
			"Yes": She grows a demonic cock and tries to impregnate you as some sort of twisted punishment
			"No": Advances to next stage.
		If you aren't infertile, you get her pregnant, and she gets really pissed off at you (no more sex, as she's really quite furious).
		Trigger for Lilaya quest progress. (She says she'll kick you out if you don't do as she says)
		Have to apologise by going to tell her mother that you got her pregnant (she won't let anyone else help her give birth)
		Maid at mother's house says she'll inform her mistress.
		Lilaya forgives you (unlocks pregnant Lilaya sex)
		
		
	Kate (wants cum, doesn't care if she gets pregnant)
		Sex scene while she's pregnant (same, but with flavour text)
		She's lactating
		Can cum on her belly
	
	
	
	
	
	Make weapons equippable in both slots (ranged weapons do less damage, but have an in-built crit chance?)
	
	
	Change fetishes to highlight in the status bar if they're applying effects.
		(e.g. anal fetish will provide +20% arousal if any anal pen is going on)
	
	
	
	change minx and the other one to:
		sexual preferences (can switch between at any time) (I can't use homosexual or heterosexual, as the nature of the game switches the PC's gender often, which would get confusing):
		
		Gynephilic:
			+more likely to encounter females
			-take increased tease damage from females
			+take decreased tease damage from males
		Androphilic:
			opposite
		Bisexual:
			encounter females and males at the same rate
			standard tease damage from both
	
	Need to make corruption more punishing. (Now that all sex actions are unlocked)
	
	
	
	Make pregnancy fetish unable to use condoms
	
	Combat:
		Factor in enemy sexual preference for tease attacks (they take 25% damage if they're not attracted to your gender)
		Add 'free perks', which you can switch between.
			'Furry'
			'sexual preference'
			'multi-breast'
		
	Add slap and tickle (Should fit in with Pix's character)
	
	Enemy refinement:
		In storm, everyone's in a rut/heat, so they don't care what gender you are.
		Otherwise, males will rape and oral females, and only oral males.
		Females will rape and oral anything.
		Corrupted enemies will use a single transformation on you before sex (into their race or opposite gender).
			(Can smash first drink to get the other one if you prefer.)
			Females: "I can get rid of the competition!"
			Males: "This city needs more girls for me to fuck"
		
	
	Tooltip over perks bugs when near edge of screen. (cause of those three bug reports)
	
	When you choose to submit after winning a fight, the dialogue gets mixed up at the second line (the enemy speaks as if they're you, and you speak as if you're the enemy.) It's especially funny if you have the bimbo fetish. :P
	
	Brax orgasms need some polish
	Need more mutual orgasms
	
	Remove fetish turning you on text. Instead, list +20% arousal as a bonus for the fetish perk. (too much writing clutter)
	
	Add penetrating sex effects for penis
	
	balance attribute modifiers
	
	add "safe from storm" effect, to make it clear there is a storm going on outside
	
	-----------------
	
	update inventory UI when clothing gets dirty
	
	Make requirements obvious in tooltip for options
		This may be a part of the DialogueNode revamp
	
	
	Fix tooltip heights.
	
	
	change non-consensual stuff.
		sexual preferences (set on character creation and can edit in options)
		will be respected by non-corrupted NPC sex scenes
		(your character says you're not into that stuff, and they leave)
		If enemy is high corruption, they'll rape you anyway (keep Dominion attackers low corruption to avoid this)
		Weak-aura Demon and demon futa will be first high corruption enemies that don't give a shit
	
	
	Status effects post-sex:
		"afterglow" (dom non-con or con)
		"violated" (sub non-con)
		
	Add corruption gains for choosing to rape someone/do corrupt things.
	Make options that do this appear purple (like sex is pink and combat is red)
	
	
	Do all sex scenes' fetishes and re-writes
	Remember:
		pure=kissing, vanilla=all standard, horny=anal, dirty=getting crazy, lustful=feeding cum/depraved stuff, corrupt=forced incest impregnation stype stuff
	
	add variations in oral scene for if you're creampied
	
	Give characters a lung capacity, and a gag reflex stat for measuring their deepthroating skill.
	
	Use 'Used Condoms' as the test object for individual item types.
	These will be used in the pregnant random attacker's scene.
	alleyway encounter: see a girl getting fucked, they leave the used condom behind (so you know what cum is inside). gain corruption?
	
	level up screen: perks in tabs, so can make icons bigger/easier to see
	| Strength | Intelligence | Fitness | Fetishes |
	
	tooltip appearing on right for a split second sometimes	
	
	Make Brax's scene repeatable (maybe not though, as he will be making a re-appearance later on in the story...)
	
	Corrupted demons
	Force demon tf on you (they sense your aura)
	Lilith's pet (demon TF item)
	
	Throat stretched stuff.
	Stretching should be 1-time, and only do it at penetration or for special events (taking a knot)
	Add stretchOrifice(character, PenisSize) to sex, so there can be extra stretch evens other than initial penetration. can then use this method in applyEffects() in SexAction
	
	In selfie/body descriptions, highlight racial parts and colours.
	
	Pregnancies:
		(Them) Kate
		(Them) Randoms (with pregnant encounter)
		(You) Ralph reactions/sex
		(You) Brax reactions/sex
		(You) Lilaya reactions/no sex while pregnant
		
	

	"I also have some crash logs in my public Lilith Dropbox: https://db.tt/Xd1x14UWSG"
	
	Floor needs special type of inventory (I haven't even tested if it can overflow!)
	
	Make buttons for all attacks (for those that don't want to use keyboard)
	
	test piercing loss on body part loss
	
	Make sure all listeners are working/needed
	
	Make overview map
	
	Succubi's Secrets
		Tattoos
	
	save screen
	
	highlight text back (disable it in all non basic screens though)
	
	Change "Do nothing" to "In control" to "Full control" at higher corruptions
		
	[Multi-Breasts Off | Extra Breasts all flat | Multi-Breasts On].
	
	Melee spells: basic damage and basic protection/shields. Ranged spells: offensive and defensive utility, which can take many forms
	add steal spell (steals a random piece of clothing). If steal panties or bra, the opponent misses their next turn "W-What are your doing?! Y-You pervert!"
	(You've been watching too much kono suba!)
	
	
	!!!FINISH ADD ITEMS IN SEX!!!
	
	
	<b>Added:</b> NPC pregnancies. NPCs follow the same pregnancy rules/timings as you do, so if you get an NPC pregnant, you won't know it until enough time has passed to move onto a visible stage of pregnancy.
	<b>Added:</b> Dominion's "random attacker" impregnations. If you get a random girl pregnant, there's a chance that she'll turn up later in another encounter (and react to you getting her pregnant).
	
	
	
	
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
	
	simple and detailed version of icons (for performance and better artwork)
	
	Corruption:
	NPC condom use & pull out (low corruption, they will, middle they won't, high they say they will, then don't)
	"Guilty concience" status effect if vanilla and didn't do as NPC asked.
	
	Pregnancy lore. The children inherit characteristics of the father, even though they're of the race of the mother. E.g. a harpy giving birth to a horse-morph's children will produce stronger than average harpies
	
	Shower at gym have same effects as at home. Maybe make a "wash" method
	
	TF hair colour
	
	
	
   For that matter, you should probably make there be a "window" for fertilization (if you haven't already done this - I'm too tired to check the code right now) where if you "might" get pregnant,
    the father can be anyone who inseminates you within, say, the first hour (or more) of the "risk of pregnancy" status.
      but it's good if there's at least a mechanic in place which allows for uncertainty of paternity if the player is getting around a lot.
	
	 Content is really bare bones as most town locations aren't done yet, you can beat the weak ass enemies at level 1 no problem, and the main quest hasn't even completed the first act.
	  tf potions work, but suffers from major case of furry. Most clothing just adds 1 phys def with the exception of the jinxed circlets found via rng.
	
	Think about changing how TF items work.
		Something cool, but not too grindy.
		Like needing three components to unlock a tf.
		Then easier once you have that?
		
	Your aura collects essences from defeated enemies
	Used in crafting
	Lore:
		Go see Lilaya after the first time you collect an essence.
		She is really surprised that you can do that, as only Lilin have that power.
		It doesn't hurt the people you take essences from, it's more like a snapshot of their power.
		She has all the equipment to use essences to create powerful potions (she explains this is where TF items come from)
		
		
		
		
	Core component: dog/wolf/cat etc.
	3 slots for Modifiers (can use any of the following in each slot):
		TF
		Sexual TF
		Stats
		Boost
	
New content
    Add beauty salon to Shopping Promenade (change hair colours & get piercings/tattoos).
    Add more variation to random assailants (human/partial/lesser/greater tf status, varying breast/penis/vagina sizes, varying skin/fur colours).
    Add in more content for Lilaya's romance storyline.
    Add in a rare chance for a demon encounter during storms.
    Add Pix's shower scene.
    Work on finishing the next stage of the main quest. This will involve writing content for two of the currently disabled map locations. It will also add in a new race, basic slave management, and a unique NPC (of the new race). (This is a long-term goal for v0.1.7).

Gameplay
    Fix how storage works at Lilaya's home.
    Stop random encounters from occurring at several places on the map. (To fit in with some lore that's coming in the new content.)
    Polish and improve Brax's scene. This will involve removing the bad end and adding in three unique item drops.
    Add in an option to reduce the amount of furry content. This will greatly reduce the chances of random encounters being greater/lesser morphs, but will not alter the body types of any unique NPCs.
    Expand character creation options.

UI
    Finish the light theme (I know some of the text colours are unreadable at the moment).
    Finish font resizing feature.
    Buttons are sometimes off-screen when the game starts.
    The save game window is sometimes not opening. I'll investigate this.
    Fix hotkey names on response options. (At the moment, it says things like 'Close Bracket' instead of ']')
    Fix all text colours.
    Make it more obvious when you gain/lose a status effect.
    Make it more obvious that you can undress in sex.

Clothing
    Improve the enchantment/jinxed mechanics. possibly introducing a "sealed" mechanic to jinxed items.

Combat
    !!!Balance combat!!!
    Add some combat-related items, and implement item usage (healing & utility consumables).
    Improve shield spells.
    Improve weapons (both variety and spells gained).

Transformations
    Create some unique icons for the non-racial TF items.
    Add more TF items.
    Add more TF possibilities.

Sex
    Polish and fix bugs in all sex scenes.
    Properly apply new corruption mechanics to all sex scenes.
    General improvements to all sex scene descriptions.
		
	
	
	/*
	 * TODO Pix shower scene
	 * 
	 * Player: Kiss Clean breasts & arms Clean hips & legs Clean pussy & ass
	 * 
	 * Prepare vaginal Penetrate Hold hips Feel breasts
	 * 
	 * Guide hand to pussy Start Pix's fingering
	 * 
	 * Pix: Kiss Guide hands over breasts over hips into pussy
	 * 
	 * Lines cock up to her pussy Starts penetration
	 * 
	 * Fingers press to player's pussy Starts fingering player
	 * 
	 * Orgasm: Pix jumps on you and locks legs, forcing you to cum in her You
	 * collapse against the wall as Pix continues violently fingering you
	 * 
	 */
	
	
	
	Nightlife:
		Choose safe way back or shortcut.
		Shortcut can result in a fight with a male (girl/boy fights with you).
		If lose (player/partner):
			If M/M, or F/M, the male makes your friend fuck your mouth as he fucks your ass/pussy.
			If M/F, the male warms up with your mouth, then fucks/cums in your friend and forces you to clean up after him.
			If F/F, the male puts your friend ontop of you, both face down ontop of a crate, and takes turns fucking you both. Cums in friend first, then you.
	
	
	
	
	Dominion (with sub-area of Submission), Jungles (Caverns), Fields (Forest), Endless Sea (Depths), Desert (canyons), Lilith's Tower
	
	Some fish change color in spawning season. That should totally be in the game.
	
	Add flying fishmaids in Endless Sea and Pixies in Dominion and other areas.
	
	dolphin mermaids with trap males 
	
	Aquarium in room
	
	
1. There should be a "take all" and "drop all" button for items in inventory. "Sell all" and "use all" wouldn't hurt either, to avoid repetitive button pushing.

Another note: you've incorporated a very unusual fetish item into your game - that "finger insemination" thing you mentioned in the change log. I don't know how big the percentage is, but I've heard people griping about the lack of content like that - autoinsemination of various sorts, etc. In my usual tradition of spewing out ideas, here are some additional mentions in that vein in case you are interested:
-Insemination from ejaculating over a gaping pussy (only possible with low tightness; or immediately after intercourse, if you add a "pull out" option, assuming a large enough cock vs inelastic enough pussy (assuming you go with my elasticity modification above))
-If you ever add threeways, giving a BJ and not swallowing or spitting followed by oral on a female could be used to push semen inside a vagina
-If you ever add condoms, self insem. with used condoms (for EXTRA perversity, add used condom stealing from sex scenes the PC witnesses, for that purpose)
-If you ever add group/gang bangs, could have some kind of "sperm racing" event where PC takes a bunch of sperm from participants and inseminates herself (funnel? turkey baster?) to see which one gets to be a father
	
	
	
	
	Improve non-racial TF items.
		add perk "chemistry", which reveals very detailed information about TF consumables. Also gives option to "examine" consumables, unlocking them in the item browser without having to suffer their effects.
	Go over and check other TF items.
	futa tf item
	
	horse hair tail (and others) need to be related to starting hair colour.
	
	item usage (flash powder (blinds), lilith's comet (random spell), healing salts, mind mist, muscle cream)
	Balance Combat (costs of spells & SAs, don't let player cast if it would cause them to lose)
	Generic assailants should use their special attacks.
	
	Split generic assailants into male/female
	Check sex methods to make sure they are removing clothing properly.
	
	Encounter races
	Enemies transform you during sex. (lesser morphs will use wet kiss/dry squeeze on you. Greater morphs will use racial TF items)
	You can transform enemies during sex.
	
			
	
	Make it more obvious when you gain/lose a perk or status effect (add to end stringbuilder)
	Submissive perk allows you to use defeat sex scenes
	Improve Submissive (allow you to use defeat sex scenes), Exhibitionist (special tattoos) and Masochist(more combat bonuses) perks
	add lesser and greater perk variants for each race (and move racial status effect into perk)
		
	When non con is on the description of enemies attacking you acts as if all of them do not want to have sex witch you even if they do.
	
	: If you choose the resisting pace during a scene, begging the other person to stop requiers vanilla corruption,. Shouldn't begging someone to stop not require corruption at all?
		(I think this is dirty talk)
		
	changing someone's species seem to break their item drops, it does change the essence they drop, but force-transformed opponents seems to drop no items at all.
	
	GET ALL THIS DONE TODAY: (how long ago was this?)
	
	!!!Combat first-pass balance!!!
	
	Inventory more intuitive -> grey out clothing equip option if can't be equipped.
	
	
	Test adding a little 'i' icon to things that can be hovered over
	
	Put "level up" icon next to level up bar. Highlights when can level up.
	 	
	brax drops enforcer shirt, aviators and shorts
	
	combat name is slightly off-centre
	
	Make return to title menu option
	
	Expand character creation options (second screen with sexual options?)
		Orifice plasticity
		(Anal) Virgin
		
	
	
	
	Need to make a highestZLayerClothingBlocking method that takes into consideration displacement
	
	Add status effects for being cummed in (creampied asshole, creampied pussy)
	Requires map for player areasCummedInMap<CoverableArea, Boolean>
	gym showers, your room, need to clean
	
	UI: Test making attributes look like combat. Where effects is, split into 4 panels, have faint background text saying "Perks", "Status Effects", "Abilites"
	
	combat descriptions need improving. Give actual hit chance values. Special attack cost & damage. Don't let player use spell/special attack if they don't have enough mana/stamina.
	enemy defeat if tick down health from status effect. (check hp before they have their turn)
	
	finish spell/special attack/combat balancing
	
	status effect: in heat (can happen to dog, wolf, horse and cat morphs) gained from storm (reduced willpower resistance, increased willpower damage, increased fertility)
	
	instead of bad ends, make them give you a perk. e.g. "Brax's Bitch: The memory of being turned into Brax's willing slut still causes you to flush red with shame..." -5 int
	
	title in combat when swapping inventory is not working properly
	
	make it more obvious that you can undress in sex
	
	pregnancy
		milk production
		update text needs to happen anywhere (make shorter and put it textStartStringBuilder)
	
	shields & other comabt effects (look at post on blog)
	
	ripping off non-enchanted clothes
	do more with enchanted clothes
	
	Dominion: harpies
	
	Submission: rats, slimes and imps
		Since everything in selfie did work good but color of slime nipples sadly didnt. (SLIME_PINK)
	
	clothing/weapon management during combat
	
	re-write Lilaya's scenes to make her more tsundere (I-It's not like I'm enjoying this...)
	
	
	-----------
	Lilaya romance:
		First time having sex, she forces you to pull out.
		After sex, she gets really awkward.
			Says she only had sex because of her demon instincts.
			She says she used every ounce of her willpower to resist you cumming inside of her, but it won't happen again, so DON'T CUM INSIDE OF ME!
			"This is why I avoid people! I-It's not like I want to go around fucking everyone I meet! A-Anyway, aren't I supposed to be your aunt?! W-What kind of pervert fucks their own aunt?!"
			"You started it!" "Sorry, I got carried away."
			From then on, she doesn't bother getting up when you find her fingering Rose.
		Have to apologise to her
			She tries to get away with a LOT. (Kiss her feet, massage feet, suck toes, full foot clean)
			You can say no at any time, so long as you said sorry she forgives you.
		Can 'trick' her into having sex again (this repeats until you get her pregnant).
		Cum inside her gets her pregnant (if corrupted enough, you can also use used condoms, as Lilaya can't resist being treated like a slut).
		She asks her mother to come help her give birth.
		Lyssieth enters, teases Rose, then asks you how you fucked her daughter.
			"So how did you impregnate my daughter hmm? Did you push her down on all fours, ripping her panties off, then fuck her like an animal? Filling her womb with your cum, growling down in her ear that she's going to carry your children?"
		Lilaya saves you and has an argument with her mother. (Lilaya is angry, Lyssieth apologising and treating Lilaya like a fragile child)
			"If you want to ask about how one of your daughters fucks, why don't you go ask one my countless sisters?!"
			"Please Lilaya, I have no interest in talking with those sluts. You know you're my only real daughter."
		Go see Lilaya after she gives birth (to imps), only to find that Lyssieth has locked her in chastity.
		Have to prove to Lyssieth that you can take good care of Lilaya (have to bring her to orgasm 5 times as she watches).
		Lyssieth concedes that Lilaya knows what she's doing, and tells her the Lilin's ultimate secret; how to turn people into demons.
		You can then get Lilaya to go full demon at any time.
		She can also turn you into a demon (non-reversible!!!)
	
	
	
	
	
	Add fucking stalls to slaver alley
		Make money by working there (get more for more holes: 25 base blowjob, +10 for vagina, +20 for anal, +10 for each fuckable nipple)
		Spend money to fuck a hole (costs 30 for blowjob, +15 for vagina, +25 for anal, +15 for each nipple)
			Charged after having sex, if you don't have enough, you're banned until you can pay off the debt
			
	Add pregnancy roulette to slaver alley
		Either pay to enter:
			You and 5 other guys cum in a slave (who's taken a Vixen's virility).
			Afterwards, you wait 30 mins for them to test who got her pregnant.
			If you got her pregnant, you have to pay the penalty of 800 flames.
			If you didn't, you win 100 flames.
		Or get paid to be the girl:
			6 guys fuck you after you've taken a Vixen's virility.
			You get tested to see who knocked you up.
			You get paid 200 flames.
	
	Felicity is a trap.
		she invites you in and tries to get you drunk
		flirts with you
		drunk sex (she gets really dominant when she's drunk. REALLY dominant...)
		
	Pix
		You enter the shower, no sign of Pix.
		As you're showing, you didn't hear her sneaking up behind you.
		She presses into your back and starts instructing you how to wash yourself.
		Reaches around and masturbates you (reward for having a proper clean), fingers ass (if penis, milks prostate), washes & feels breasts, kisses neck (tastes if all sweat washed off yet).
		Rubs soap over back and grinds her 6 breasts up and down your back.
		She doesn't let you turn around.
		Once you orgasm she calls you a good boy/girl and bounces away
		
	Scarlett (male lesser harpy)
		Harpy males have feminine names to seem even more submissive to females
		Ask for Arthur, he doesn't know his slave's names
		You say he's a human and Scarlett recognises him
		Tells you he'll tell you where Arthur is if you'll fill in on one of his fucking stalls. (he sold too many slaves, and now has a shortage of orifices for clients to fuck)
		Can repeat this for cash later on.
		He comes in and tells you to stop moaning so loud (he's trying to work).
		If you moan loudly again he comes in and puts a ring gag on you then fucks your face.
		Can SPH him.
		If refuse, you have to give him enough money to buy a new slave (800)
	-----------------
	
	Final boss for first act:
		Trap-loving high-class demon.

		Using Arthur (he's actually quite famous among arcane-users, Scarlett and Brax didn't realise quite who he was)
		She sent Brax after Arthur as she intended to buy him all along
		Arthur is being forced to create trap-creating arcane bracelets (he keeps telling her that won't work (only consumables can be manipulated into transforming people) but she won't listen)
		On defeat:
			She turns you into a trap (doesn't care about race).
			Have to watch as her house guests fuck other traps and cum in them.
			Gives you a choice:
				Have to lick out their cum.
				She lets you go if you beg her to allow the house guests to fuck your ass.
				This keeps going on until you ask to be fucked.
	
	
	UI criticism/commentary:
Buying and selling is painful; if you could add an intermediate "shop table" area where multiple items could be placed, that would alleviate a lot of the pain.
The minimap is a bit hard to use; from a glance, you cannot easily tell where you are; add an icon or something to highlight the tile you're in.
Gameplay:
Where are my demons at?
Consider having the penalties be less (or more!) harsh depending on whether submitting is voluntary or not; IMVHO, there's a big difference between voluntarily saying "All right, I give in" and fighting to the last.
Will there be a toyshop, so you can voluntarily stretch out your throat or whatever without having to find a horsie, and then submit?
Will there be more advanced "testing"?
	
	
	
	
	ONE
	
	map:hover over up, right, left, down to see arrow. Areas where this happens should be huge triangles
	The tile you will move to will highlight (white or red)
	Also add obvious indication which tile you're in (orange arrow thing, turn to circle when on a place tile)
	
	Huge memory leak.
		Dialogue nodes
		or
		Investigate rendering
		or
		Event listeners using values()
		
	PLAY TEST THE MAIN QUEST
	
	sex orgasm is on option 2
	
	Inventory css for light theme
	
	3 HOURS (FINISHED BY 3)
	
	REST OF THE DAY ADDING VICTORY SEX SCENE
	
	Add potions.
	
	Make pregnancy descriptions more race-independent
	
	Add perks:
		Breeder (+fertility)
		Regeneration (passive health recovery rate doubled)
		Second wind (can choose not to orgasm, and instead reset arousal in sex)
		Reactive (transformation items cause multiple effects)
		
	Character creation backgrounds
	
	
	Item & perk icons
	
	spells need more info (add spells page to phone menu)
	
	The map isn't appearing for some of you. I'd advise getting the most up-to-date version of Java, as this might fix that problem. I'm using JavaFX for the GUI, and I noticed on my other computer that some of the UI elements weren't rendering when I was using an older version of Java. I'll also investigate this problem further in case it isn't related to the Java version (as it's a pretty major bug not being able to see the map!).
	
	If you get a 'Java Exception', it could be several things. I'm going to add a crash report feature to the engine soon which will show exactly what's gone wrong (I'm thinking of having it create a crash report text file which you could then copy-paste here).
	
	The save game window isn't opening. Again, I'll investigate this!
	
	Thread spawning & high memory usage
	Feedback on UI (everything should be accessable with mouse, I struggled to create a keyboard-friendly inventory management system)
	Minimap - UI scaling is a bit wonky at the moment, I plan to improve the UI a lot more
	Random game crashes - I'll implement the crash report feature soon!


	CONSIDER: Corruption mechanics need to unlock stuff.
	
	TWO
	
	4 sex scenes:
	1 Masturbation in room.
	1 Pix cleaning fem-dom sex scene in shower (she takes control and gets you to clean her. Then she cleans you. hyper-energetic)
	2 Add victory and defeat sex variants for random assailant: against wall
	
	
	THREE
	
	Lilaya Tsundere.
	Gets super embarrassed when her mum visits.
	"Who's my good little demon?" etc.
	
	Make character romance a map in player class
	Lilaya romance quest (finishes with her becoming full demon)
		Talk -> She reveals that you're the first person she's had relations with after falling out with her mother.
			Persuade her to repair relations with mother
		Mother's visit -> She comes to live with Lilaya for a while (she's really different to other Lilin (explains her legitimising Lilaya))
			Can threesome with mother
			Help repair relations between them
		Talk -> Lilaya wants to become a full demon
			Persuade mother to corrupt Lilaya fully
		Lilaya becomes full demon, falls in love with you
			Mother stays/leaves based on player choice
			
	FOUR
	
	Nightlife
	
	--
	
	Submission:
	Rats attack at night around submission entrance
	Rengar's gang all fuck you
	(4-6 rat-morphs)
	
	
	
	Fetishes:
		Ask Lilaya about never needing to use the toilet.
		She points out that you haven't drunk or eaten anything since arriving (bar TF consumables).
		You don't need to eat or drink in this world, as the arcane gives energy to people.
	Waterworks:
		She asks if you'd like to test out a drink she's made.
		It activates waterworks fetish.
		Your bladder fills up as a status effect. When full, you have 10 minutes to reach a bathroom or else you wet yourself.
		Negative status effect if clothes are covered in urine.
		During sex, you can wet yourself.
		You can bring 5 dry squeeze to Lilaya to stop it.
	Weight:
		She asks if you'd like to test out a chocolate bar she's made.
		It activates weight fetish.
		You get chubby.
		The chocolate bar has 5 uses, each one making you fatter.
		You can go see Pix to get rid of it.
	
	
	See Brax again later in next area. He got demoted after everyone in the office heard you beating him.
	
	Combat & attribute balance first run.
	
	
	Refine transformations, descriptions, items.
	
	Fix watch icon in phone->items.
	
	Remove all gradients from SVGs (still buggy)
	
	RELEASE (test first)
	
	- Level 2 freezing opaque deamonstone seems to cast slam instead of ice shard. The chill effect is still triggered though.
- The option menu does not work from the inventory : you are forced to go on another menu before.
- Wearing too masculine clothing when you have a feminine body does not seem to trigger any stat reduction like it would do with a male wearing too feminine clothing (intended ?). However, it does trigger and remain once you had non-consensual sex (lose a fight).

That's all I could find for now.

I would also suggest the following addition :

- Fire element seems to be obviously stronger than other elements so far due to its additional damage effect. I think the additional effect from poison and ice should also be buffed in order to make all elements a bit more balanced.
- Poison Shield and Ice Shield are not only useless at the moment due to the lack of poison and ice damage : they also look underwhelming. I suggest to make the poison shield deal poison damage to melee attackers and ice shield to reduce stamina/willpower of melee attackers.
- Stamina does not seem to have any purpose in combat right now : it's just used at the gym. I suggest to make spells drain stamina instead of willpower. It would give more sense to the chill effect as well, preventing the enemy from using their skills too much.
	
	
	Add in race & item discovery quests (bottom of character creation dialogue class).
	
	- Fix descriptions in inventory 
	
	- Can consume weapon to add enchantment based on weapon rarity. (can enchant multiple times for weaker weapons. Max +5)
	
	- Allow to change hotkeys
	
	- Refine selfie.
	
	- Fix all RacialBody parts to use parts specific to their race
	
	- Make harpy wing description have hands (everyone needs hands for descriptions)
	
	- Add wardrobe/storage in room
	
	- Make method to set body to partial, lesser & greater. (For random character generation)
	
	Each tf item will give a ~1 hour long boost. i.e. dog morph tf gives +10 stamina and +5 str for an hour
	
	Katie's gang (the three you saw in prologue)
	1 Victory: fuck Katie (can use horse-boys on her or not)
	1 Defeat: Get fucked by horse-boys as Katie forces you to eat her out
	
	SIDE ONE:
	
	- Sex needs to progress time
	- Also apply "recently orgasmed" status effect, which increases willpower resistance
	- Also after sex, need to reset mana to max
	
	- Make all encounters & places
	
	
	- Make consumables give core stats (main attributes only from legendaries)
	
	- Weapons, items & perk pictures will need gradient names changed
	
	Extremely High wetness should soak panties instantly
	Move wetness methods & tracking from sex into character
	
	- Make knowsPlayerGender() reactions.
	
	- In description ("You are a shemale, though people mistake you for a normal girl." or "From the large bulge in your pants, anyone can see that you're a shemale.")
	
	-TODO Items:
	
		- Add corruption gains!
		
		- Multiple: Transformative items for race
			- Milked from demon's factories in the desert district (this is not common knowledge)
			- Demons have corrupted futa milking cows for each race, and combine their own cum with with their sexual fluids, using magic to make them transformative.
			- All transformative crystals should follow the theme of "crystal-strength-name animal-hint" e.g. "lesser crystal of the lupine howl"
		
		- Potions that temporarily increase attributes, following naming theme "potion-strength-name of attribute-theme" e.g. "elixir of strength" or "draught of iron-skin"
		- Food, magic-shots & drink. Generic and racial-specific. Generic provides minor + for each resource. Racial provides +++ for each resource based on transformation stage.
			(Magic shots are small crystals that you break open. The magic regenerates your mind. Sort of like drugs, but no addictive properties.)
	
	- redo crop tops
	
	- Incorporate help into options
	
	- Inventory needs polish (remove items from populated areas, text descriptions a little bit off here and there)
	
	-TODO All encounters in Dominion sketched out.
		
		- Streets neutral:
			- Storm random attack
		
		- Backalley neutral:
			- Vending machine (lesser TF items)
			- Package (package is still wrapped but the label has been soaked in cum, can't read it)
			- Item hidden under grate/behind box/in pipe
			- See people having sex down alley
			- Friendly shopkeeper
			- Someone runs past and drops something
		- Backalley fights:
			- Enforcer (sergeant)
			- Harpy nest
			- Male (dog, wolf, cat, horse) mugger
			- Female (dog, wolf, cat, horse) prostitute (may fight you if you don't pay)
			- Gang ambush (dog, wolf, cat, horse) males & females
			- Girl getting mugged (can intervene, she runs off shouting thanks behind her)
		
	Make a special description when you become a complete race.
	
	Slimes should get clothes dirty instantly.
	
	Races page in journal should show race's average stats & body (like combat revamp will be)
	
	Like health and mana, make all attributes floats.
	
	Make NPCs
	
	5)  Finish sex class
		Refine arousal gains from all actions.
		Go through all TODO in Sex class and fix them.
		
		KEEP THE DESCRIPTIONS DOWN TO 1 OR 2 SENTENCES FOR COMMON ACTIONS.
		Long descriptions soon become a chore to read and take up a lot of screen space. Keep them short and sweet.
		For penetration you can make descriptions longer.
		
		In sex actions, if player/partner is ready to penetrate, change "do nothing" to "prevent penetration"
		
		TODO Lose health if being stretched. Loses more health the bigger the cock. Reduces health loss if lubed.
		If you get to 0 health, you can use composure to hold on, if you don't, or are at 0 composure, you pass out and gain a lot of corruption
		(if you are dom, they pass out into misionary and you can fuck their passed out body)
		You wake up later and applies stretch mechanics as though you were fully stretched to his size
		
		Need specific descriptions of continuing penetration (e.g. doggy says how tits are swaying with each thrust)
		
		Finish SexManager
		
		Masturbation, Foreplay, Missionary, Doggy & against wall for repeatable NPCs at release
		Specific ones for Vicky and story lines
		
		Pull out options
		
		COMBINE MASTURBATION INTO SEX
		
		//TODO drop player clothes on floor after sex if was sub.
		// If player resists when partner is taking their clothes off, partner rips them off
		
		Make playerSexualCry() occur when arousal is over 50
		Make PlayerSexTalk into a class that is created for AbstractCharacters, so can for npc and player. Things to say when being penetrated/penetrating/neither:
		Sub and resisting
		Sub and accepting
		Dom and you are resisting
		Dom and you are submitting
		Player can define custom lines in character screen.
		
		Masturbation placeholder for all types
		Add racial-flavour text & unique bodyPart descriptors (imagine being partnered with one of your race)
		
		Also do this for transformations.
		Polish all transformation descriptions.
		Don't lose stats from transformation stats
		
		
		--------------------------------------
		
		Before you do the next part, go through races and make sure 100% that is what you want them to be like.
		
		Add imps (don't worry about Lilin and Alpha Imp yet)
		
		Harpy male descriptions (they look like females but with more colourful feathers, male harpies get treated like dirt and are constantly humiliated because they aren't as attractive as the females)
		Change Tengu to be more aggressive versions of harpies (harpy flock is owned by a femlae tengu who will have a male tengu as her personal bitch)
		Harpy matriarchal society
		
		THEN:
		
		Go through all body part setters and put in generic descriptions for NPCs. Then can use these as a base for player transformation descriptions.
		
		
		
		
		In scenes, give a button to "examine scene" which gives a brief sentence about what's going on and describes all important characters
	  
	  ------------------------------------------
	  
	6)
		SetContent, when text is longer than the displayed page, causes flickering if not at bottom of page when going back/pressing 0. It puts page to bottom, then goes back.
		But not when going back???
		Javascript seems to be putting scrollbar to bottom, THEN going to next dialogueNode
		
		Alcohol items.
		Give player an alcohol int that degrades over time. Give status effects when get tipsy, drunk, hammered which reduce maximum composure.
		Give bonus physical strength. Reduce dodge and hit chance.
		Make a speech parser for drunk speech
		
		Make level-up perks
		The more corrupted you get, the harder it is to resist demon's commands (resisting costs willpower). At 100, you will do anything they command you to. At higher levels, it takes more willpower to resist demands.
	
	7)
	Introduction
	
	LARGE TASK: Make sex class
	
	Apartment fleshed out
	
	Have a completedQuests list as well to show completed quests.
	
	8)
	Finish races as defined at top of page.
	For each race:
	Accurate RacialBody
	Race Perk
	Transformation sources
	
	Clothing needs List<Race> racesUnableToEquip. E.g. centaur, lamia and arachne can't equip one-piece swimsuit.
	Horse-morphs can't equip shoes due to hooves.
	
	TODO character creation, set clothes.
		You start the game at a black tie event. What clothes did you decide to wear?
		
		Male | Female
		Neck: Tie | Choker/Necklace
		Ear: None | None/Earrings
		Torso: Shirt | Dress(Black, red or yellow)/Top(Black, red, yellow)
		
		Casual | Formal
		Casual is shirt/jeans/trainers | jacket/
		Formal is shirt/tie/trousers/nice shoes | dress/heels
	
	-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
	
	Humiliating clothing boolean (-2 MS), if on display then (-10MS) (chastity cage, ballgag etc.)
	Large tits (over C cup) need a bra, or else suffer a scaling penalty to hit/dodge, but an increase to tease. Clothing needs supportsBreasts boolean
	
	
	// Clothing should have a isHumiliating() method. For things like ballgags and chastity cages.
	
	// LARGE Extra body stuff:
	// Hair styles, Pubic Hair, tanning & Piercing at malls
	// In slaver alley: Ass bleaching, skin & eye colours, Tattoos (for every body part); magic tally marks, tribal, custom.
	// Aerolae colouring/shaping
	
	//Add a storage container at home. Items stack in container. Instead of "drop", the option is "store"
	
		/*
		 * - Right click to unequip/drop
		 * 
		 * Hair styles
		 * 
		 * Centaur update:
		 * Add centaur
		 * Sex scene for centaur-type bodies
		 * 
		 * Make clit size have an impact and add to descriptions/sex scenes; they can be pseudo-dicks
		 * 
		 * Bimbo lips
		 * 
		 * Use items on partner in sex to transform them as you fuck them. Can only be done on non-recurring characters
		 * 
		 * Make pure morph's cum cause transformation.
		 * Applies status effect (Transforming cum)
		 * Can wash it out within 4 hours
		 * If not washed out, your body absorbs it and you transform
		 * 
		 * Ask to use condom (need condoms in inventory)
		 * NPCs to have willUseCondom()
		 * Condoms can break if too much cum production
		 * 
		 * MOD SUPPORT:
		 * Clothing images
		 * 
		 * Large tits need support (give clothing supportedBreastSizeMinimum supportedBreastSizeMaximum stats)
		 * 
		 */
	
	/*---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
		// BIG FUTURE RELEASE PLANS:
		
		Endless Sea (Mermaids, Sharks & Tiger sharks)
		Go underwater there
		siren/merfolk/octo-morph/squid-morph/eel-morph
		
		Octopus:
			Detachable tentacle penis.
		Squid:
			Fires tiny barbed needle with pulsating orb on the end. After a few turns of combat, it injects sperm into your womb (takes an action/turn to pull it out).
		Tentacle monster:
			Throws starfish onto you. Each turn, it moves further down towards your crotch. At the end of combat, if it positioned itself at your vagina/ass, it starts fucking you. (takes an action/turn to throw it off).
		
		
		
		
		Fields
		Farmland and forest
		Cow-morphs (milking shed)
		Spider-morphs & arachne in forests
		
		
		// TITLES
		// Create Titles and unlock conditions. Titles can be put before or after your name. Toggle 'the'
		// Titles should act like achievements. Don't actually give any stats or anything
		// Titles from clothing sets? (rings & piercing -> "Trashy") (clothing set -> "The Maid")
		// More anal sex than vaginal while possessing a vagina, at least 10: buttslut
		// Sell yourself for money: "The Whore"
		// Take a cock of size 2' or more: "Cock-Sleeve"
		// Hints on how to unlock titles in character information screen, also change titles there
		
		// SLAVERY
		// Choose how to refer to your slaves (maid, slave, pet etc.)
		
		// PREGNANCY:
			// Breeding strength to determine what offspring the female births
			// Anything that lays eggs will always be female's offspring
		
		// Deep jungle and other extended areas.
		
		// Lots of miscellaneous skills:
		// Heel skill
		// Blowjob skill
		// Vaginal, anal sex skills
	
		// Dating:
		 You can find randomly generated people at the nightlife district
		 Bring them back to your place, or go to theirs
		 
		 Normal clubs -> get hit on by guys if female or androgynous. Can chat up girls if male or androgynous
		 Gay clubs -> opposite
		 
		 
		 
		 BDSM update
		 	Masochist expansion
			Add some rough SexActions
			Mouth & eye CoverableArea
			
		Race-variations:
		Different types of dog-morph
		Different types of arachnae
		
	
	
	---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------*/
	
	/* 
	 * When get harpy wings, you shrink to harpy size. Bones hollow allowing you to fly (all maps revealed - 50% opacity where haven't been. don't show places)
	 * 
	 * 
	 * 	Lilith's Demonic creatures:
	 *  demonic-goat (Lilith's tower inner guard, punish intruders by fucking them into constantly horny goat sluts)
	 *  demonic-dragon (Lilith's personal guard, take any intruder to Lilith)
	 *  Menagerie:
	 *  Extremely corrupted Tentacle monster, keeps pets that it constantly fucks. Slime grows 3 rows of breasts/2 cocks into insanely huge, constantly milked and fed other pet's cum
	 *  Cerberus (huge, demonic lycan that walks on all fours and has three heads, cum turns people into lycan bitches)
	 *  Tit slugs (vagina for mouth, no limbs, breasts squirm and drag them along, their slimy breasts corrupt other people into tit slugs)
	 *  
	 * Toxic cum-slime
	 * 
	 * Manticore
	 * 
	 * Tigershark lower body of a shark
	 * 
	 * Goat (they have goat eyes, and get really annoyed by people commenting on them)
	 * Monster form is demonic-goat, only ever seen in Lilith's tower
	 * 
	 * A lot of variation in demons
	 * Feet can be high-heel spikes, normal, or hooves
	 * Can have little useless bat-like wings or no wings
	 * Some have tails with pussy-like orifices on the end
	 * Some tails have tentacles on end
	 * Some have combination
	 * Cocks range from normal to squirming mass of tentacles that grow into huge cocks
	 * Pussies can have tentacles in them
	 * Make different demon classes.
	 * 
	 * 
	 * Plant lab:
	 * Is Vicky's old research lab, it was abandoned when demons stopped her funding
	 * Fight through plant-girls that have escaped
	 * Tiger doctor who has found a way to refine transformation fluids to remove bad side effects
	 * Was trying to turn plant girls into something
	 * Have to pay for ingredients
	 * 
	 * For the scene with fucking plants:
 	 * If have vagina and bee-morph, it makes honey-milk
 	 * 
 	 * Living suit in plant lab
 	 
 	 Lilin lamia boss:
 	 	On loss, vore scene... (maybe, not too sure if this fetish is too much for some people)
 	 	While inside her, she transforms you into a lamia slut
 	 	Births you then gets you fucked by loads of horny lamia guys
 	 
 	 Frog-morphs:
 	 	Slimy
 	 	Have hallucinogenic saliva
 	 	On loss, they kiss you. You have a fantasy where you're making out with a hot guy/girl
 	 	You get fucked by them and they plant eggs in your stomach (anal pregnancy?)
 	 	You wake up and realise what happened
 	 	
 	 Imps:
 	 	Look like short demons (~3-4 feet tall).
 	 	Unlike demons, a lot of them like to stay in male form (although there are plenty of female imps as well)
 	 	They are totally obsessed with sex (to a far greater extent than demons)
 	 	Due to the fact that they can't function in Dominion society, they are banished to Submission
 	 	They like to grow their cocks/breasts to the same size as a normal demon, making it a bit extreme on their smaller frames.
 	 	Because they are smaller, their wings actually work.
 	 	Their society is based around an alpha imp.
 	 	Too weak to fight as an individual, but when enough of them get extremely horny, they form groups to attack people and gang-fuck them.
 	 
	
	/*----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
	
	Submission: Slimes, Rat-morphs, Imps
	Fields: Cow/bull-morphs, fox-morphs, kitsunes, rabbit-morphs, deer-morphs, centaurs.
	Jungle: Tiger-morphs, dryads, bee & wasp-morphs, tentacle monsters, spider-morphs, driders.
	Desert/wasteland: Lizard-morph, lamia, salamanders, dragon-morphs, wyvern-morphs.
	Endless Sea: Mermaids, shark-morphs, orca-morphs, dolphin-morphs, octopus-morphs, squid-morphs.
